0	adjudicated	3	"Batman Begins" is the best batman film made so far. While Tim Burton's 1989 movie is already a box office classic, Batman Begins has all of the gritty power that made Batman famous in the first place. Chris Nolan has done what Tim Burton and Joel Shumacher couldn't do, which is make a comic book film true to the actual comic. While Nolan's direction is amazing David s. Goyer's script is great. 
1	adjudicated	3	"Batman" is all about a man who battles his enemies and inner demons. It's about fear, acceptance, morality and reality: Batman is not a superhero, contrary to popular belief. He doesn't have extraordinary powers. He's human, physically and emotionally. That is why Batman has always appealed to me, and I imagine many others feel the same way.
2	adjudicated	3	"Batman" was created by Bob Kane in 1939 and in the sixties, a wacky version with gaudy colors was shot. The Batman saga was revived by Tim Burton and it started under auspicious skies with the two following novel chapters: "Batman" (1989) and "Batman Returns" (1992). With the arrival of Joel Schumacher, the series plumbed. "Batman Forever" (1995) and "Batman and Robin" (1997) were real downers which tarnished Batman's reputation. Due to this, Gotham City's most well-known inhabitant took refuge in his den and waited for things to evolute. In the meantime, he was upstaged by other superheroes like "Spiderman". Was there a future for Kane's son? Rather than pouncing on the elaboration of a new adventure (at one point, one even talked about the possibility of a story called "Batman vs Superman"), why not plumping for a streak which has been seizing the Hollywood firm for several years? Just look at the titles of the following works: "the Exorcist: the Beginning" (2004" or recently "the Texas Chainsaw Massacre: the Beginning" (2006). These titles give this inkling: to go back to the sources and roots and unearth what made Batman a myth. Like many moviegoers on this site, when I learned that Christopher Nolan was the heir of this work, I felt that the project was in good hands. I'm not a fan of his "Memento" (2000) but I recognize that he's a canonical filmmaker and this was largely conducive to Batman's rehabilitation.
3	adjudicated	3	A new movie and an excellent start to the Batman series from Nola
4	adjudicated	1	A young Bruce Wayne watches in horror, as his parents are killed in front of him, later in life, he vows to remove the criminal element from Gotham City.
5	adjudicated	3	After all this time this still remains a very solid, not only Batman movie or superhero movie... but a solid movie all together! It was the movie thar revived Batman after his treatment in Batman and Robin! Nolan really did a fantastic job of making Batman cool again! Its made with so much love and care that almost any Batman or movie fan, can enjoy it!
6	adjudicated	2	After an excellent film, a great film and two diabolical films, there is finally a brilliant Batman film. Tim Burton's Batman offerings were undeniably superb and eclipsed their follow ups in greatness, but even then there were severe weaknesses in the Batman franchise's transfer from page to the big screen. Burton didn't manage to fully shake Batman's unfortunate "camp crusader" persona that the Dark Knight picked up from the terrible 1960s TV series. Though considerably darker, the high camp, pop art undertones that were never intended in the Batman comics were still present in Burton's films. Then of course, "Batman Forever" and "Batman and Robin" took that to an incredibly unnecessary extreme. Batman was lost. Thank heavens for Christopher Nolan. Obviously as disillusioned with the failing franchise as most of the disgruntled comic book fans, Nolan has managed to not only restore the dark, Gothic ambiance of the comics, but also take Batman to new heights, and "Batman Begins" is far more than a comic book adaptation. For the first time in a Batman movie, Bruce Wayne's introduction and character foundation is so fascinating and emotionally charged, that you are not merely waiting for him to put the Bat suit on for the first time. Being the first chapter chronologically in the Batman saga, Wayne's character pre - bat is essential to the success of the narrative. His motive for wanting to fight injustice and his childhood traumas are told so beautifully that the movie would almost work well enough if the Batman alter ego never came into play. But, of course, when he does, Batman really begins. Christian Bale is quite simply the best Batman audiences have ever had the privilege of viewing. For the first time, Batman really is a symbol of fear, as was the comic's intention. This is all thanks to Bale's flawless performance as the dark Knight. Criminals and do-gooders alike fear Batman. But, frightening as he is, he is just another Superhero in terms of fear when it comes to Cillian Murphy's Scarecrow. With the genius use of hallucinogens to enhance the fear, Scarecrow might just be the most frightening antagonist since "The Exorcist's" demon. The point of view shots from his victims are a more effective alternative to his character than just giving him superpowers. That way, Nolan manages to hold onto the film's overall sense of reality and drama. The film's most effective aspect is the darkness. The stunning set piece creates a nightmarish world that is pure fear incarnate, and with fear being the film's driving force, the darkness is perfectly placed. All of the supporting actors, bar none, are without imperfections in this movie, particularly Katie Holmes, who proves that she is more than a tabloid friendly teen idol. Its just a great shame that her performance in "Batman Begins" was very much overshadowed by her bizarre relationship with Tom Cruise. Michael Caine is severely amiable as Alfred, and the eternally impressive Gary Oldman delivers yet another excellent performance. But of course, it is Bale who steals the show. Obviously relishing the role, Bale makes Batman a character we've never had the privilege of meeting before. More than a straight talking superhero armed with one liners. Batman, thanks to Bale, is now an emotionally unstable, fear inducing warrior. Batman Begins is free from superhero cliché and camp humour. It is, finally, a real Batman movie. The dreaded prison break scene is no less than amazing, and the subsequent parade of justice and optimism, combined with a considerate reference to a legendary Batman enemy, make this film perfect from start to finish.
7	adjudicated	3	All i can say is thank you Chris Nolan,,,I still think you will have to be a magician to beat Tim Burton's Batman film's but Nolan has is well on his way to becoming Houdini. This is a film that describe's Batman as he was in the comics and i think as Bob Kane imagined...So how has Nolan done it..Simple..i've seen the xtras on the Region 2 DVD and it appears that he didn't rush anything and really worked hard on this and recruited the best of the best in the movie making business,it's an extremely hard character to portray and a risky franchise as a director to do a good job as Joel Schumacher found out. He has had some good films like The Lost Boys etc but his take on the Batman was purely a joke and i think he had potentially ruined a huge money making franchise...But however it has been saved with Nolan's amazing take on Gotham and Christian Bale's Dark Knight which truly is an amazing likeness to the comics,,,This film has everything that we wanted and more because it has a beginning a middle and an amazing end which makes batfan's itching for more and a sequel which promises just that,,,it has an all star cast too,Morgan Freeman and doing an amazing job in succeeding the great Michael Gough's Alfred we have Michael Caine..The villain is the Scarecrow but in true Gotham Style there are more corrupt going's on in Gotham than good and who are they gonna call to clean it up..Simple.....THE BATMAN...This film has more gadget's and lifelike special effects than any other Batman Film so it's definitely one to watch..Thanks and i hope you enjoy it as much as i did..
8	adjudicated	3	Almost ten years ago Warner Bros. declared the Batman franchise as dead as a teenager in a Friday The 13th film. After the abomination that was Batman & Robin WB felt as though fans would not be interested in seeing another Joel Shumacher helmed Batman film. WB was right. fast forward a few years and Director Christopher Nolan (Memento, Insomnia) & screenwriter David Goyer (The Blade trilogy) decide they have what it takes to resurrect the Batman franchise. Nolan & Goyer were right. Batman Begins is by far the best live action Batman film made. Nolan & Goyer did the best thing they could do to a franchise that was on it's way to looking like a live action Saturday morning cartoon. They wiped the slate clean and started it from the ground up, hence the title Batman Begins. Unlike the film predecessors Batman Begins stars and features Batman. Meaning Batman is the main character (He was only the main character in Batman: Mask Of The Phantasm an animated Batman movie)instead of his villains. Batman should have been titles The Joker. Batman Returns should have been called The Adventures Of Catwoman & The Penguin. Batman Forever should have been titled The Mental Misadventures Of The Riddler & Two Face. Batman & Robin should have been called.....Crap! The Movie. Batman Begins is the perfect title for a Batman movie because this movie is absolute Batman. The plot is smart & intelligent and his origin is entertaining as hell to watch unfold. Whoever casted Christian Bale as Batman, Michael Caine as Alfred, & Gary Oldman as Jim Gordon please stand up and take a bow. The casting was great. If I had to compare Batman Begins to any film I'd say it was like a cross between Spider-Man & The Bourne Identity. A great origin superhero movie mixed with a thinking man's action film. This is not dumbed down like any of those other Batman films (Batman Forever, Batman & Robin) it's smart, witty, & intelligent with out taking itself to seriously. I'm a comic book geek so I take my films based on comics very seriously. Until now Batman was never done right in Hollywood. For some stupid reason Hollywood kept trying like hell to channel the spirit of the goofy, campy television series of the '60's. Well that recipe has been tossed out the window. Not only is Batman Begins (In my opinion) the best movie of the summer, the most fun you'll have at the movies this summer, but the best superhero movie (granted he has no super powers) made. I only hope I walk out of The Fantastic 4 nearly as happy as I did with Batman Begins. Long live the new king of superhero/comic book movies. Welcome to Hollywood Batman, you have finally arrived. On a scale of 10 i give Batman Begins a 10 out of 10. Do not wait for video if you do you'll regret it.
9	adjudicated	3	As a longtime fan of the Batman comic I am always glad to hear a new Batman movie. The amazing thing about the Batman character over most other super heroes is that Batman has NO powers. He is just a guy, a rich guy yes, but not super human in any respect. Unlike Superman or most other titans, this guy can be killed and won't come back from the dead, of course the comic brings in new writers and they start another story line parallel for the character.
10	adjudicated	3	As an old Batman fan, I've been extremely disappointed in all of the former Batman movies. Overall, they lacked solid story lines, were far too light-hearted and trivialized the comic into a special effects nightmare without any substance or quality.
11	adjudicated	3	As much as I enjoyed Tim Burton's first two film's I think this new effort will leave audiences rethinking just how good they actually are and will look at Batman Begins as arguably the best of all of them in the genre. The film begins with Bruce Wayne (Christian Bale) who's somewhere in the mountains of Asia in a prison camp until he meets Henri Ducard (Liam Neeson) who takes him under his wing and introduces him to the League of Shadows.
12	adjudicated	3	Batman Begins
13	adjudicated	3	Batman Begins (2005)
14	adjudicated	3	Batman Begins blows Tim Burton/Shumacher movies COMPLETELY out of the water and hands down the best superhero movie I've ever seen...period. It's got it all; action, comedy, drama, suspense and fantasy brought together so eloquently by Christopher Nolan (Memento, The Prestige) along with tight direction, cinematography, and astounding special effects with a sense of verisimilitude so strong and effective throughout it comes together in a stellar package. And Christian Bale is simply superb in the role; making Batman dark and brooding, the way he should be. Many have criticized Katie Holmes, but I liked her in this film (especially in Pieces of April, Abandon, The Gift). The villains also get top billing and are far more menacing and three dimensional than before. The original movies were good in their day but they pale in comparison to what Nolan and co brought to the big screen because staying true to the source material pays off and is more engrossing in the end. Some superhero movies have tried to go the other way around resulting in failure but this film nailed it spot on. My main complaint is the fight scenes were too heavily edited. Hopefully they will be fleshed out in the next film. I enjoyed Spider-Man and X-Men and their sequels (except the third installments) and Iron Man respectively but Batman will always be my favorite superhero and with the sequel approaching this summer, it's gonna be one hell of a treat.
15	adjudicated	3	Batman Begins is directed by Christopher Nolan and is the first installment in the Dark Knight trilogy, one of the best series of films delivered to film audiences ever. Although The Dark Knight is usually considered the best of the three movies, some do consider Batman Begins the best, and understandably so. However, I do feel it has its share of problems. Let's talk about those.
16	adjudicated	3	Batman Begins is easily one of the best superhero movies ever made.the movie basically tells the story of the genesis of the caped crusader.obviously,there is a fair amount of character development involved,which you would expect based on the title.but not so much that the film becomes tedious.Batman is shown as more of a full dimensional character than in previous incarnations.this version is also more faithful to the comic.Director Christopher Nolan shows great skill as a director,pacing the film very well.there are also some touches of humour throughout and we get to see a more human side to Bruce Wayne.The villains are also more fully realized than in most movies of the genre,instead of simply being devices for the hero(the protagonist)to have a villain(antagonist)to defeat.Gary Oldman and Morgan Freeman are standouts in their respective roles,as is Liam Neeson.Katie Holmes Has yet to reach the level of maturity require for her role,so she is a bit weak.This Batman movie is less cartoonish than previous efforts,and is closer to the realm of realism(relatively speaking)the movie is also more thoughtful than many movies depicting superheros there is much more substance.in fact more substance than style,though it is just stylistic enough.All in all a brilliant depiction of the origin of the caped crusader.this movie sets the bar high for its successor,the Dark Knight,which is to be released sometime in 2008. 10/10
17	adjudicated	3	Batman Begins is one of the best super heroe movies ever made, is this movie Nolan not only tells you the origin of this character,it also humanizes him. This movie is more the journey of a man's self-encounter than the origin of a super hero, for me Christian Bale is the best Batman, but unfortunately the movie is not perfect, it has problems like, the Bruce Wayne's parents decide to go down the worst alley they see or Alfred beats a super trained ninja with a simple blow of a golf club, but all right in conclusion the movie is great but not perfect.
18	adjudicated	3	Batman Begins is the first of three Batman movies directed by Christopher Nolan. With Christian Bale portraying the legendary protaganist the trilogy kicks off with a bang.
19	adjudicated	3	Batman Begins isn't another superhero movie in the line of Spider- Man, the X- Men or the Hulk. In fact, even if you don't care for Batman or any of his costumed colleagues, you can still enjoy this film as a good action- thriller. It doesn't thrive on special effects and big action scenes but offers a decent story with lots of attention to character development. The movie is fairly low tech and because it doesn't rely on computer technology in the way other recent superhero movies do, it has an old school feel to it, kind of like an early 80s fantastic film or even Superman: The Movie. Of course, Batman Begins is much darker than Richard Donner's beauty, but the evolution of both main characters from youths, coming to terms with who they are, to caped crusaders is depicted in a similar way. As far as the actual crime fighting goes, this movie puts right everything that was done wrong in Batman Forever and Batman and Robin. Our hero's weapons are not covered with blinking lights, but sober and practical: no computer controlled Batarangs, but ninja stars shaped as a bat. No design costume, but military armor, decorated with a cape and mask. The Batmobile is no skyscraper climbing super car, but a rejected army vehicle put to new use that befits the general atmosphere of this movie. Batman doesn't fight villains in shiny outfits who fly around on supersonic gliders or have tentacles as arms. The bad guys in this film are real people: gangsters, a corrupt warden of a psychiatric ward, a martial arts specialist and lots of crooked cops. If you take into consideration that Batman Begins is based on the Year One comics, written by Sin City's Frank Miller, one cannot help noticing the similarity between Robert Rodriguez' newly created world and the one depicted in this movie. In fact, Sin City could just as well be Gotham City without Batman. So forget Joel Schumacher's monstrosities. In fact, Christopher Nolan has even gone one better than Tim Burton and created a credible movie with a good story, realistic characters and the filthiest setting the world's Darkest Knight has ever called home.
20	adjudicated	3	Batman Begins Its Like The Real Batman Movie We All Hope For I Mean "Batman" Of Tim Burton Its Good But Nothing Like This One Of Nolan 
21	adjudicated	3	BATMAN BEGINS rejuvenates if totally regenerates a film franchise . After Tim Burton's idiosyncratic vision of the comic strip , the film series became very stuck with the Joel Scumacher version . You wouldn't really blame Warner Bros if they'd ended the franchise there and then due the law of diminishing returns .Indeed it might have been seen as something of a risk casting so many big name ( Read expensive ) actors in one movie . The fact that on its first week of release it only entered the top ten weekly box office must have frightened the studio executives , only to have their fears extinguished where the movie rallied strongly spending two weeks at the top followed by several weeks in the top ten 
22	adjudicated	2	Bruce Wayne is lost. Seeking criminals to fight by getting locked up with them in south east Asia, he cuts a strong, skilled fighter but a sorry figure as his crusade for justice has turned sour and left him bitter and without direction. After being sought out by the league of shadows he is trained by the legendary fighter Ducard (Played by a Liam Neeson who does not seem like the same bored man who played Qui Gon Jinn) who adds the finishing touches to Bruce's skills showing him the arts of deception and the skills he needs to combat evil and to become an agent of Justice.
23	adjudicated	1	Bruce Wayne is not a happy fella. Being trapped in a cave full of bats as a child left him full of fear, and he can only blame himself for the death of his parents at the hands of a typical street thug. However time has perverted this hurt into a bitter, hollow anger that has led him to the Far East where he fights criminals behind bars, seemingly to seek to quench his thirst for what he sees as "justice". Taken into a remote training facility for the League of Shadows by Ducard, Wayne learns the arts of deception, movement, combat and others but when he understands that justice is death for this group he leaves and returns to Gotham City. In his absence, the city has fallen into corruption and crime and, seeking a symbol of fear for the criminals, Wayne uses his skills and considerable assets to try and bring down this rule by way of a vigilante personae  The Batman. However, with few allies in this fight, will he be able to counter more than the smaller fish in the pond?
24	adjudicated	3	Christopher Nolan really outdid himself on this one, and so did everyone else involved in this movie. The trilogy is easily one of the best of all time, and I barely have any complaints.
25	adjudicated	3	Christopher Nolan undertook the difficult task of bringing back Gotham's savior and managed to pull it off in style. Nolan's tribute to the 'Caped Crusader' is a clean break from the twentieth century franchise that included Michael Keaton, Val Kilmer and George Clooney donning the mask of the great DC comic detective. The chiseled Christian Bale takes on the mantle of the 'Dark Knight' as Nolan delivers a gritty, edgy and, dare I say it, more realistic Batman than his predecessors, who inadvertently ended up making a parody of the superhero and his exploits. 
26	adjudicated	3	Christopher Nolan's "Batman Begins" is a welcome return to the Dark Knight's origins. From the snow swept opening in the East to the dark Gotham conclusion, this is a visual masterpiece.
27	adjudicated	3	finally a Batman that can erase from our memory the previous insults made by Burton and Schumacher. This is the movie all Batman fan wanted for a very long time now, the cast is perfect. bale is just excellent, the acting is good, You got actors of the size of Michael Caine, Morgan Freeman, Rutger Hauer, Gary Oldman, Liam Neeson, just amazing. The direction was very good and the story is pretty close to the comics book. I used to watch the original TV show when i was a kid and even then I was hoping for a darker Batman. The first movie came along and it was a kick below for everything I was hoping for in a Batman movie. All those previous flick were nothing but an slap in the face to Batman's fans around the world. Thank you mister Nolan for ignoring the previous films and give us the hope to forget the previous Batman movies. let consider this one the first Batman movie.
28	adjudicated	3	Finally, after the previous 2 outings of the caped crusader, the Batman franchise is back on track. Having been a big comic collector over the years and a long time fan of the Dark Knight, I was especially disappointed by 'Forever' and 'Batman and Robin'. To me, these film lost the essence of what drives Bruce Wayne to do what he does and turned Batman into more of a pop star than misunderstood hero.
29	adjudicated	3	First of all, let me just say that there is nothing wrong with Tim Burton's first two Batmans. They were both great films with strong acting, but Nolan has really nailed it here folks. This is the REAL Batman. It's dark, scary, serious, sad, and most of all it has a real world feel that makes the whole film believable. This film does not have any make believe action sequences like in DareDevil where he jumps 50 feet off of buildings and lands perfectly unharmed. Everything Batman does in this film any man could do if he trained hard enough and had all the right tools. If you are a fan of Blade Runner that you will love this film. And if your're just a fan of good movies than you'll still love this film. I recommend this film to anyone except small children and I seriously look forward to seeing Christian Bale return as the Dark Knight.
30	adjudicated	1	He's a billionaire. He is the heir to a very successful private enterprise, and he is devastatingly terrified of bats. Ever since falling down into a bat-infested cave, the bat has been the symbol of his dread. Following the murder of his parents, Bruce Wayne went in search of a way to stand up and fight the injustice in his city, living among criminals in Asia. While in prison, he meets a mysterious man named Rah's Al Guhl, who offers him a way to fight the world's corruption through a special type of training. When he realizes that the brand of justice is not the same as his own, Wayne returns to Gotham, and he does not like what he finds. Utilizing the training he had received, as well as the resources from Wayne Enterprise's Applied Sciences division, Bruce puts on the cowl and cape that we know and love, and he sets out to defend the city that his father worked so hard to preserve. The Caped Crusader has appeared in comic books and other mediums for decades, and the quest for a permanent success in a film portrayal was very elusive. Though Batman (1984) was a relative success, the failure in the projects that followed were enough to drown out this spark of triumph. The infamous Bat-nipples and such were too much for comic book geeks and the general public to handle. Thankfully, a new director named Christopher Nolan, who had just come off of a successful project called Memento (2000), took up the reins of the DC Comics icon. With the release of Batman Begins, the once depressingly faulty franchise was up to par with a more contemporary success, Sam Raimi's Spiderman. In contrast to what the previous films in the Batman franchise brought to the screen, this installation brought some major pieces: great themes, realistic action sequences, and depth to the main character(s). With a notably darker portrayal of Gotham's hero, this movie was a breakthrough for superhero flicks, and it has been a heavy influence on those hero movies that followed it. The only aspect of the film that the Academy recognized was the cinematography, which definitely deserved such attention. It was the sequel, The Dark Knight, which grabbed the most attention for Oscar categories. The biggest difference in this Batman movie is the themes. While the previous films tried to capture the cartoonish, comic book essence of the character, this one was as realistic as a fictional hero story can be. Tackling deep themes like redemption, rebirth, and standing up for one's beliefs, Batman Begins is much more than men in tights saying "POW" and "BAM". On a negative note, the acting is not quite up to par with the rest of the film's quality. Though it is not the worst acting in a Batman movie (see Batman & Robin), it is not the most well performed film either. Though this is the predecessor to the best superhero movie of all time, The Dark Knight, I strongly suggest that any interested viewer see this film first, as each of Nolan's trilogy plays off of the other films. Just make sure that you keep in mind that this isn't really as family-oriented as the Marvel movies (Avengers, Guardians of the Galaxy, etc.). This is the grownup's turn to appreciate the Caped Crusader.
31	adjudicated	1	I came into this movie with high expectations, but was increasingly disappointed by the end. There was no one aspect that really annoyed me, but rather a lot of smallish things that seemed to taint the experience. Firstly, I thought that Bale was a wise choice for Batman, although I've never really understood what Bruce Wayne has got to do with a bat, but that's not something you could pin on this movie. Well not completely anyway as they attempt to sort of explain it away with the whole fear symbol thing, and the well at the start - still nuts if you ask me... Anyway, that's not important, what is important is the confusion that engulfs our view of Bale throughout the movie. Some of the worst points being: His relationship with his parents - this is not presented very well, with his memories of his father more likely to furrow the brow than produce tears. Bale's motivations - they are not easily understood - why go see Wilkinson's mob boss after he kills the guy who killed his parents. This seems to be a random or arbitrary way to send him off on his quest. Also, what's the deal with his turning on Neeson and his cronies in such a big way on the spur of the moment? One minute he's learning from them - the next he almost kills them all. A tad abrupt perhaps? And speaking of Neeson and his League of Shadows, or whatever, I'll put it simply - their whole plot is ludicrous. How do a bunch of guys living on a mountain succeed in creating a depression in the biggest city in the world, and why do they think it better that a whole city should tear itself apart instead of live with a high level of crime. Surely they could wield the (unlikely) power they seem to have to improve the situation in Gotham? This leads me to the bad guys as a whole. Being from Ireland I was delighted to hear that the two main villains of the film were from here, but on viewing the film I was a bit let down by the way they were used. Neeson and Murphy are both excellent actors and could have been perfect as complicated modern bad guys, but I think they were let down by the script and direction. I was expecting something brilliant from the scarecrow character when he was shown initially, but it all went downhill after his introduction. All he gets to do is spray Batman with his fear thingy and then capitulate in a random sort of way as the plot comes to an end. Why does he turn into a wet blanket when Batman traces him to the asylum and what the hell is with the scene where he gets tazered while sitting on a horse! Neeson starts out very well as a mentor for Bale, but as soon as he comes back to initiate his insane plan he does not make the same impression. His last scene is also rubbish, bearing more of a resemblance to Speed 2 than a great villain death. Also can anyone tell me why a monorail has so much screen time in the film, I know his dad built it, but it's not that interesting... Possibly my biggest complaint about the film is the style with which they shot the action/fight scenes. It's funny that a much lesser known (and also quite silly) film, that also stars Christian Bale, has endlessly better action scenes. If the fight scenes of Batman Begins were more like those in Equilibrium then maybe I would have left the cinema feeling a whole lot more satisfied. As it is they feel like you are watching a brawl in fast-forward, through the bars of a cage. This must surely have annoyed a few people? Altogether, I got the feeling that a large part of the movie was a victim of committee-thinking. Scenes seemed to pop up out of nowhere as if a spare director had been allowed in on one day of the week. Examples of this were the scene where Katie Holmes' co-worker finds the thingummy in the crate - and is then killed. This had me wishing that they served headache tablets with the popcorn, and was made worse by Holmes' brief mention of it again - to explain why she was so crabby at that time - I mean what the hell!!! Anyway, it wasn't all bad, Freeman was fine as the Batmechanic and Michael Caine produced the only real comic moments of the Movie. I didn't think much of Katie Holmes' performance though, she had no central motivation or character trait and suffered from the wishy-washy style of a lot of the movie. Wilkinson and Oldman were also fine. To finish up I would ask those of you who gave this movie a ten: How can you give ten to a movie that has such a crappy, abrupt and ineffectual revelation scene where Bail reveals to Holmes that he is Batman, and how can you give ten to a movie in which Batman's voice sounds like a 12 year old kid playing in his plastic suit? It was almost as terrible as listening to Darth Vader's "Noooooooooooo".
32	adjudicated	3	I can't believe you Batman fans! I can't believe anyone really liked this movie! It's a total BS film that destroyed the story of Batman. The movie wasn't even that enjoyable, it was brought more into a horror movie than a comic book or even a whimsical/corny TV show. Christain Bale as Batman? He's better than George Clooney, that's for sure, but he didn't give much depth to his character. It's like "Look! My voice can get scary! I'm Batman! No, really, I am!". Katie Holmes? I'm recently ticked off with her and Tom, so I'm going to back off and just pretend she wasn't in the movie at all. The villain? Who was it? There was no main one! 
33	adjudicated	3	I did not want to want to see BATMAN BEGINS. Viewing it in the theater required the temporary lifting of my boycott of mainstream American films. I've been dragged to far too many "blockbusters" in my day and have dished out ten hard-earned dollars for disappointment in return. Hollywood does not make films that very much interest me, but when I saw the credits block for BATMAN BEGINS (the cast, the director, the crew) I was intrigued. I eventually broke down and went to a matinée showing of BATMAN BEGINS and was greatly impressed. This however does not make me wrong about Hollywood. It simply shows that if you have a strong creative force behind a film, not even the devil himself can suppress it completely.
34	adjudicated	3	I don't like to argue with other users, but anyone who gave this movie a low score didn't see what I saw. Rubbishing "Batman Begins" because it wasn't directed by Tim Burton or Joel Schumacher, or it wasn't like the animated or live action TV series (or even the comic books) is pointless. If you want more of your own personal idealised vision of Batman, go and buy the relevant DVDs and leave this film alone. 
35	adjudicated	3	I have had a long relationship with this film, I watch it every year or so to remind myself of how far I have come as a fan of movies. I want to be entertained, enjoy myself and be impressed at the techniques directors use in order to fully bring the piece to life. I don't want to give an overly internalized, pseudo intellectual, impenetrable, pretentious review pandering to grab peoples attention. I have gained such great enjoyment and developed such a strong affection for this film over the years that it is simply unparalleled. It's this particular one I keep going back to time and time again. It is without a doubt the measuring stick on how to make a big budget studio film that is essentially about characters and their different viewpoints, fleshed out and executed flawlessly.
36	adjudicated	3	I just came back from a special screening of Batman Begins and I must say this is the best movie I have yet seen this year. All of the blockbuster movies I had seen this year with much expectation have been disappointing. But Batman Begins is not the typical corny action film; it incorporates all aspects of genre: action, fantasy, drama, and even comedy. I was at the edge of my seat from the thrills in some scenes and clapping & laughing from the humorous lines that director Christopher Nolan had written for the characters. I was really amazed by the acting performances from the new generation of actors, assuming that they wouldn't have been able to compete with and compliment the talented, veteran actors such as Michael Caine, Morgan Freeman, Gary Oldman, and Liam Neeson. I mean you couldn't have asked for better actors!! Christian Bale was just perfect for the role: he had the intensity, physique, and charm you'd expect a Batman character to encompass. Every actor was casted perfectly for their roles. I even give props to Katie Holmes for playing a district attorney considering her previous roles consisted of "the young girl" or "girlfriend". 
37	adjudicated	3	I just rewatched this after 15 years and after Watching 15 years of mostly crappy action movies, including the Avengers movies of which a couple were the best we've seen in ages but they don't hold a candle to this version of Batman. It blows away the Keaton Batman and certainly the pathetic Clooney Batman and other weak attempts ....the Superman/Batman's were an 8 but this is far and away the best action movie ever and certainly the best Batman ever by far! Bale, Caine, Neeson, Holmes and Oldham were simply fantastic! It's just an awesome action flick, and it's Directed better than any other action movie I've seen in my 57 years. Even though it's 15 years old, it's still great.. a timeless movie that will be hard for anybody ever to beat. I'd forgotten just how good it is... If your a fan of recent Avenger movies kiddies, then watch this and you'll see what I'm talking about. A magnificent flick. Bale is without a doubt the best Batman ever!
38	adjudicated	2	I never did like Batman since I was a kid. (Morgan Freeman is a big fan of Batman the comic.) The previous movies were good and I enjoyed them - the character was made more realistic. The characters were not 2 dimensional. This is not just an action-adventure. This movie, in my opinion, brought the character of Batman up into the realm of drama. The chase scene seemed so real. The reaction of the cops seemed so real - as if unacted. (I found out watching the "after movie" info, that the director, Christopher Nolan, wanted this movie to be realistic - it WAS!) The entire movie is flawless. I will watch this one again and again.
39	adjudicated	3	I thought this movie was absolutely spectacular, I took me by surprise. I never thought I would see a Batman movie with depth and that showed the true fear that is the character Batman that he brings to his enemies. Christian Bale did a excellent job and I truly look forward to him in another Batman Movie! 
40	adjudicated	3	I was really in a hopeful mood when I went to see Batman Begins. I was measuring the movie, not against Schumacher's previous Bat-films, but by the Loeb/Lee "Hush" storyline in the Batman comic books, simply because that comic story is better by far. This, I must say, is the the best Batman movie yet. It really blew my mind. There was character, depth ... they really did their best to figure out why of all things would a vigilante dress up as a bat and fight crime in a metropolis. Their effort shows. Warner may have pumped more into the marketing than they could have possibly done, but they have the quality movie to prove it. I myself have to say if there is one Batman movie you must see in your lifetime, this should be it.
41	adjudicated	3	I've been wondering how director Christopher Nolan would handle a huge budget on a Hollywood film designed as a revisionist franchise launcher of a previously lucrative and iconic brand name. It had disaster written all over it. I'm overjoyed to announce, the young director has stuck to his auteur guns and delivered not another ho-hum comic book extravaganza, but a deep, dark, psychologically complex thriller. Nolan and his very capable team of writers hired by Warner Bros. have taken the simplistic and tired story from comic book land (your archetypal crime-fighting costume wearing hero) and through luxurious exposition and compelling character development, deliver a taut and suspenseful drama for mature adult audiences to savor.
42	adjudicated	3	I've never had a thing for Batman films. I watched the cartoons when I was about 8. That was alright. Nothing special though. And not to forget...I was only 8. I always thought batman is just not one of those things for me.
43	adjudicated	3	It had some original stuff that displayed intelligence and thought with regards to his suit, car and weaponry. It did try to dwell on Bruce a lot more and convey some of his darkness but I found towards the end it became very Hollywood-ised. Sometimes filmmakers try to over complicate things and this was a good example.
44	adjudicated	3	It took me a second viewing to truly appreciate "Batman Begins". Unlike most superhero movies, it isn't stuffed with non-stop action sequences and jaw-dropping stunts. That doesn't mean there's no action, but there is considerably less than in a typical action film. The first time I saw it, I thought it was O.K. The second time, I realized just how good it was.
45	adjudicated	3	It's been a long time since I've seen the Tim Burton Batman films, heck, it's been a long time since I've seen this one when it first came out. But after seeing all three of the Dark Knight incarnations under Christopher Nolan, I'd have to say that his vision best defines the comic book character that evolved over the past decade. I never cared for the campy Adam West version of the mid-Sixties TV series, and even looking back at the early comic book stories, the appeal of the character was always geared more toward a kid's eye view of good guys triumphing over bad guys. With "Batman Begins" the character enters the adult world as a complex hero/anti-hero with conflicting emotions and a motivation in precarious balance between justice and revenge.
46	adjudicated	3	It's Interstellar week so my quest to go back and review all of Christopher Nolan's previous films continues.
47	adjudicated	3	My only criticism of this otherwise brilliant movie is that it is a little too long. But it is an extremely good film, that along with the original Batman could very well be the best of the Batman films(thought perhaps just lacking the original film's sophistication). People may find this blasphemy, but I did prefer this over The Dark Knight, but that was still very good. Christopher Nolan's Batman Begins is stylish, dark and gritty, pretty much what Batman should be. I have seen complaints that the film "contradicts" the 1989 film. Perhaps so, but what I can say in the film's defence is that Batman Begins is sort of a very loose prequel to the original movies.
48	adjudicated	3	Of course, when in comparison to many of the films released this year, Batman Begins stand higher than others, and I might say that as a stand alone film it is quite entertaining. However, it would be blasphemous to consider this even a door step in comparison with Tim Burton's masterpiece, which starred Michael Keaton in his signature role. The original, a realization of a comic legend, only received 7.4 on the IMDb scale. It confuses me how the general public thinks these days. Are they comparing Batman Begins with the other films released during the year, or are they being serious about it exceeding the original? Here is what I think about Batman Begins............It doesn't even feel like a Batman movie. It misses the point completely. And I hate the excuses of 'making a new Batman film for the new generation'. THE NEW GENERATION ALSO NEED GOOD FILMS. I agree with the casting of Christian Bale, a great actor and once a child prodigy (most memorable in Spielberg's Empire Of The Sun), however he alone could not save this film from disaster. Christopher Nolan is a respectful director, but did he really think he could create his own Batman? Or was it a cash-in opportunity? 
49	adjudicated	1	Oh,my God ! Hollywood reached near perfection with this dark tale of the Dark Knight . Revealing the psychology behind the man in the mask and his Ninja training in China by Liam Neesons character . This film is perfectly cast from the brooding good looks of Christian Bale,who now owns the character'Batman' to Morgan Freemans Mr.Lucius Fox as Batman's own personal Q . Gary Oldman turns in one of his finer performances as detective James Gordon and the film goes into their relationship as well . The scene where a young Bruce Waynes parents are murdered are gut wrenching and heart breaking . This is the Batman Bob Cane wrote of all those many years ago . Chrostopher Nolan is absolutely right on in all the scenes in 'Batman Begins' none ring hollow or false . This is extraordinary film making made by a director who obviously cares about the source material. Rent or buy it you will not be disappointed .
50	adjudicated	3	OK, I finally got my chance to see The Dark Knight and I'm very happy to say that it's the best of the series. But before I do my review of the best I'm going to do my review of the worst, Batman & Robin.
51	adjudicated	3	Seven years after Batman's last woeful appearance on the big screen, the Dark knight would receive a second chance to start a big screen franchise. The result was a Batman film 180 degrees different from its predecessors in its tone and presentation. In fact the title said it all: Batman Begins.
52	adjudicated	3	so do i think this is the best batman yet? well, this film provided me with some surprises:
53	adjudicated	2	Starting with a nice sequence of flashbacks mixed within the natural progression of our entry point, we are treated to Bruce Wayne's life and struggle within it, which pushed him to go underground amongst those he wished to rid the world of. A criminal himself, practicing his fighting skills, Wayne soon becomes acquainted with Henri Ducard, the right hand man of the "immortal" Ra's Al Ghul, leader of the League of Shadows. He trains and learns the ways of the ninja to conquer his fears and be the ultimate machine needed to go against the crumbling world, specifically the devolved cityscape of Gotham. Finding out the truth of the group, that they wish to destroy in order to have a rebirth, Wayne leaves the hostile situation to return home and do what he can as a symbol for hope. Back in Gotham, he must walk the tightrope of keeping his crime fighter persona as secret as possible, namely by being the hardest partying, biggest spending millionaire the city has ever seen. By showing the world his playboy ways, he is free to consume his real self in honing his skills and toys to making sure Batman has all he needs to succeed on the streets.
54	adjudicated	3	That's how super heroes should be, a bit relatable to human beings, not somebody from the other world itself or a product of science experiment.
55	adjudicated	1	The best Batman movie ever made! The story is amazing and dynamic with a very articulated plot like a sort of puzzle well composed (it's the art of director!!). The interpretation of actor is skillful, above all that one of Christian Bale, so softly deep, and that one of Cillian Murphy (he appears to me a real crazy megalomaniac ; )). There is a good choice of not killing super-criminal (the Scarecrow) in the same episode, allowing a continuity with future stories (good very good). This is realistic, human, psychological, introspective movie with a particular attention about little feelings: a masterpiece!!! Because of this circumstances, it's complete work! I hope for other similar!
56	adjudicated	3	The Dark Knight is coming out soon so I thought as a tribute I should review the previous outing. I have been a fan of the Batman movies ever since the first Batman(1989)came out when I was four. Viewing it now I could not believe that I actually loved it once, it is an overrated piece of tripe. Oh well enough about the first one Batman Begins is wonderful,I would call it better than the original. I only viewed it for the first time after I purchased the DVD and from the first few reels I was hooked. Batman is a welcome return for one of my favourite superheroes after some pretty awful outings. Batman Forever was OK but Batman and Robin was shameful and an embarrassment to fans of Batman. Christopher Nolan is rather good,Micheal Caine is good as Alfred,Gary Oldman was good but Katie Holmes disappointed. BB tells the story of Bruce Wanye before he became Batman, which I found fascinating to find out. At the end there is a reference to Joker,Jack Nicolson played him in the first Batman and Heath Ledger(may he rest in peace)will be playing him in The Dark Knight. Batman Begins has put the franchise back on track after it derailed.
57	adjudicated	3	The original "Batman" was released in 1989, under the direction of then-newcomer, Tim Burton. It was one of the first comic book movies to give itself a dark tone. It made for a pretty entertaining, albeit flawed, superhero movie, though this was mostly due to a fantastic performance from Jack Nicholson as The Joker. Burton's second Batman movie, "Batman Returns", was too dark and too stupid, so for the third movie, Burton handed the reigns of this franchise to Joel Schumacher. This is where things took a turn for the worst.
58	adjudicated	3	This film easily trumps any live-action incarnation we've scene of the Dark Knight before, borrowing heavily from both the comics and the Dini and Co. animated series. This is a hard, fast, driving, heartfelt epic that draws you into the character of Bruce Wayne and makes you damn well care. Batman doesn't play second-fiddle to the villains here like in the other films. It's his movie and that's the way it should be.
59	adjudicated	3	This film is a start for a Christopher Nolan Batman film series (which I hope will continue for a long time). This film is not that good as The Dark Knight but much better than earlier Batman movies. The film is taking itself more seriously and that is what's good about it. I liked the plot very much and also a colorful characters. Maybe the film itself isn't that good as The Dark Knight but the action here is much better and here is much more of it(especially the fighting scenes). A plot, action, acting, costuming, direction - everything was great in this film. So just watch it, especially if you are action movie fan because there is a lot of action.
60	adjudicated	3	This film is a whole lot different than the other Batman films.
61	adjudicated	1	This film is absolutely Outstanding! Its nails the character,the world he inhabits and everything around him Beautifully. I couldn't have hoped for a better and more cinematic experience. To call batman begins the first perfect batman live action movie would be true but a complete understatement. This is still easily one of the greatest comic book films of all time and the most thorough origin story that I have ever witnessed. The film explores everything that previous live action incarnations either never could or never thought to. The first thirty minutes of the film don't feature Batman at all but instead the audience is acquainted with Bruce Wayne as both a child and as young and troubled man. He is portrayed by the amazing Christian Bale. The audience develops a Intimate bond with him the way that we have never seen before. The rest of the cast is absolutely magnificent. Liam Neeson is brilliant as Bruce Wayne's martial Arts master. He inspires Bruce when he is at the most vulnerable point in his life. The training sequences in the snowy mountains are some of the most memorable parts of the movie for me. What impeccable screen writing! Michael Caine was born to play Alfred. The relationship between Alfred and Bruce is beautiful. You can tell that Alfred is the closest thing that Bruce has to a father. Morgan Freeman is excellent as Lucius Fox and Gary Oldman is beyond excellent as Jim Gordon. Finally the character Gordon has a say so in these movies. Cillian Murphy is Fantastic as the evil Scarecrow/Jonathan Crane. The weakest link in the film is Katie Holmes but she still does a good job for the most part. Her characters relationship with Bruce is very engaging even if she doesn't have much chemistry with Bale. Also she gets to deliver one of the best lines in the film "Its not you who are underneath but what you do that defines you." The film is gripping unlike any Batman story that you have ever imagined. The film is dark and gritty but not merely for the sake of being dark and gritty. This has a meaning story about a young man who uses a fearful symbol to exact vengeance on the criminal underworld. The character grows and matures as the film progress from a victim of fear and tragedy whose world was falling apart to a fully fledge unstoppable hero that makes the criminals fear him. The Hanz simmer score is masterful and in my humble opinion the best ever put in a batman film animated or live action. This movie is a masterpiece and underrated by fans of its slightly superior sequel The Dark Knight.
62	adjudicated	2	This is a prequel to the other four batman flicks and you now what it is a whole lot better than all of them. This time it is Christian Bale who plays Bruce Wayne/Batman and is really good. There is also a long line of other famous people such as Michael Caine as Alfred, Gary Oldman as Commissionor Gordon, Liam Nesson as Ducard who trains Bruce but he betrays Ducard when he refuses to kill a criminal, Katie Holmes as Bruce's childhood friend, Tom Wilkinson as Valconie who runs a big crime ring in Gotham, and Morgan Freeman as a Scientist who provides Bruce with a ton of gadgets including a new bat tank. Batman Begins is directed excellently by Christopher Nolan who also directed "Memento". This appears to be the role that made Christian Bale more famous. This is the second best movie of 2005 if you like action movie then go see it because you'll surly love it.
63	adjudicated	3	This is an outstanding super hero movie. I had a lot of fun, even though I loved the Tim Burton Batman movies, and did not really want to see this movie made. Batman's super powers are not so super, and the treatment of the mental and spiritual nature is more in depth. I liked the tie between the childhood fears and the batman character. It was refreshing that there was no 007-style comic relief. Top performances by Michael Caine and Morgan Freeman. The art direction was solid, but not as great as the Tim Burton films. The movie gets 8 stars because it is a great movie only in its own universe of super hero movies. It does not really tell a universal story--only a story about how a guy becomes a superhero, which of course is make-believe.
64	adjudicated	2	This is certainly, without question the best Batman film ever made, although that isn't saying much. Christopher Nolan makes this into a very dark and brooding tale that tells more about Bruce Wayne than Batman, something the other movies would never have done. Nolan is a great director and he takes a great leap of faith by showing perhaps the most important screen superhero in such a way that the city of Gotham and its components don't feel like taken from a comic book, but from real life. Batman Begins is based more on graphic novels and the original characters by Bob Kane, so the realism and details are there without all the fluff and showboating Joel Schumacher would have put out. Christian Bale is perfect as the title character and he creates a more interesting Bruce Wayne than Batman only because we see more of Wayne in this installment. All other roles are perfectly cast, especially Liam Neeson as a mysterious yet intelligent and brutal member of the League of Shadows. Katie Holmes is nice and sweet as Wayne's childhood friend, and there will never be another Alfred as long as Michael Caine resides.
65	adjudicated	3	This is my first post after joining the IMDb. And what better way than to start with my favorite Super Hero. Last night, I attended the opening night showing of Batman Begins. I came out of that theater in total awe and I am totally and completely amazed. They have finally made what has got to be the best Batman movie ever as well as the most real interpretation. I have to agree with Christopher Nolan's goal about making this movie turn out the way the first Superman movie of 1978 did and they executed it to the fullest. A true origin movie of Batman. 
66	adjudicated	3	This is one of the few movies in which I actually watched the sequel first. Maybe that is why I didn't enjoy this movie as much as the critics and audiences who praised it to no end. While The Dark Knight wasn't perfect, it goes down as one of the best sequels of all time, mostly because the film it is following, was incredibly overrated.
67	adjudicated	3	This is the Batman movie that I have been waiting for, not the quirky Tim Burton Batman, and not the Adam West super cheesy Batman and definitely not the terrible terrible George Clooney Batman (love you George, but that was just wrong on every level) but the real honest to Gotham BATMAN. Batman Begins is a completely phenomenal film that is great on every level. Christian Bale did an absolutely amazing job as Bruce Wayne and Batman, and then there is the rest of the cast, Neeson, Murphy, Wilkinson, Oldman and Watanabe, are you kidding me, heck, even Rutger Hauer was great. Overall Christopher Nolan has made a total master piece, a real Batman that is based in reality with all that that implies, and this only gets better when paired with the next two chapters in the saga. 5 Beards Out Of 5
68	adjudicated	3	This is the best superhero movie ever. Although that is yet to be seen because I haven't seen the The Dark Knight yet. The reason this rises above the other superhero movies is that it such a much more believable and well told story then the other movies.
69	adjudicated	3	This latest Batman film disappointed a lot of people....but not me. I appreciated it because they didn't overdo the violence, didn''t have a stupid romance angle to muddy up the real story, and fount it an interesting history of how Batman became Batman. 
70	adjudicated	3	This movie lot of fun. You should definitely see it if you don't mind canon changes (again, after all, this is DC we're talking about), and/or if you like Christian Bale, Liam Neeson, Gary Oldman or Morgan Freeman. All fabulous in this.
71	adjudicated	3	This time it's different,Batman is really dark and really, really good. Most of the other movies centered in the infamous villains but now the tables have turned and it's batman's chance to shine on the silver screen with his training to become the dark knight till his battle movies, he is the star. This movie really made me feel like a kid again, i was just watching for my watch cause i didn't want the movie to be over..i just didn't want it to be over but at the end i felt it was great..loved lot of scenes in it and the ending was cool..i can't wait for a sequel. The Villains were real enough to make the movie feel realistic and the bat-mobile is spectacular...i will definitely give it a 10 out of 10 on cool Comic adapted movie.
72	adjudicated	1	This, the first part of Christopher Nolan's Batman trilogy is as much about how and why billionaire Bruce Wayne became Batman as what he does once he has; in fact he doesn't don the bat suit until an hour into the film. In the prologue we see a young Bruce Wayne fall into a well where he is terrified by the bats he disturbed; creating a life long phobia. The first time we see him as an adult he is in a Himalayan prison; he is released and invited to train to become part of an organisation called the crime fighting organisation; League of Shadows. Upon completing his training he learns that the league's methods are radical in the extreme... they intend to destroy Wayne's home city of Gotham and everything in it because they believe the world needs to be cleansed of its corruption. Gotham is indeed a corrupt city but Wayne is determined that it can be saved. He returns home and uses the resources of Wayne Industries to create his Batman persona.
73	adjudicated	3	Tim Burton made Batman look a bit childish in Michael Keaton's figure, and were always beaten by his great villains in both Batman (1989) and the fabulous sequel. But then suddenly Joel Schumacher decided to trash and destroy everything that was cool, stylish and fascinating about the knight of night. So he made Val Kilmer do Batman and topped it all in 1997 by making the horrifyingly bad Batman & Robin that included a terrible Arnie as the main bad-guy.
74	adjudicated	3	Tim Burton's masterful take on the first Batman installment was wildly entertaining, boasted a terrific cast led by Michael Keaton, Jack Nicholson and Kim Basinger and a musical score courtesy Prince. After witnessing the cahoots of Schumacher's cheesy and lesser films, Batman Begins marks a terrific return to form for the franchise. Helmed by Christopher Nolan, the indie genius behind Memento and Insomnia, the blockbuster is given a restored sense of purpose, drama and bravura. The mere fact that the audience is not upset by the absence of Batman in full get up until the third act of the film, is a testament to all involved. This movie is about Bruce Wayne. 
75	adjudicated	3	To be honest, I wasn't exactly wowed by "Batman Begins" when I first saw it during its original theatrical run. Sure, I enjoyed it but I didn't feel that it lived up to the hype. Recently I watched it again and was pleasantly surprised with how it compares to the other Batman films.
76	adjudicated	3	When I first saw the trailers and read the reviews I was skeptic about this movie. Ra's Al Ghul training Bruce Wayne? amongst other concerns namely Michael Caine playing Alfred. However when I first saw it the movie clicked for me I sat back and watched a Legend Begin. The acting is first rate and the story fit within the accepted origin of Batman.Of course Hollywood being Hollywood they do make changes and they are acceptable changes. They actually add to the movie in small ways. Michael Caine is excellent as Alfred he delivers a strong fatherly performance and Liam Neesan is nothing short of great as Henri Duchard a man with a incredible hidden agenda. Inspired casting Gary Oldman as James Gordon. Christian Bale is now firmly entrenched in my mind as Batman. I hope the Dark Knight is just as good as this one or better.
77	adjudicated	3	Whether you like this version of Batman or not ultimately depends on how faithful you are to the classics. I am a huge fan of Batman the Animated series created by Bruce Timm and Paul Dini, as well as Tim Burton's Gothic interpretations, not to mention the Dark Knight Returns by Frank Miller.
78	adjudicated	3	With all obvious accounting, the Batman Magic' is back! Not since Michael Keaton, when the first modern and great, big screen Batman appeared in 1989, has there been such a commotion made about a new Batman movie. I had not seen this in the movie theater, but as with the first I started seeing bumper stickers and baseball caps and posters of the Batman Begins logos and the like, that's what let me know this was different, than the others. The first Keaton one, I saw it right-off-the-bat! No waiting, with this there had been so many in between, that seemed to be slipping more and more with every new installment, that I simply 'balked' at the thought of Batman 'Again'.
79	adjudicated	3	'Harry Potter And The Philosopher's Stone (2001)' is starting to show its age in a few areas - though, the majority of special effects still hold up remarkably well. The young actors have certainly come a long way since this first outing, but this is still an entertaining and endearing experience that's as enchanting as it is exciting. It does a great job of setting up the vibrant 'wizarding world' of which we're all now so familiar, it has some fantastically interesting concepts and well-executed ideas and it is surprisingly funny at times, too. While it may now be perhaps the 'worst' in the series, aside from the 'Fantastic Beasts' spin-off stuff (which doesn't really count, of course), it is still a wonderfully charming and enjoyable ride that's better than most of today's blockbusters. 8/10
80	adjudicated	3	"Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is the first movie of the Harry Potter series and it begins a new era for the magic and for the history of Harry Potter. I liked very much this movie because it was something really new and I believe that J.K. Rowling did a great job in the writing of this. I also believe that Chris Columbus in the direction of this movie made a great job and the result was obvious.
81	adjudicated	3	"Harry Potter learns, on his 11th birthday, that he is the orphaned son of two powerful wizards, and possesses magical powers of his own. (Sent to) 'Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry', Harry embarks on the adventure of a lifetime, discovering a world of magic and fantasy, where he is destined to live," according to the film's official synopsis. This was the first of the films bringing J.K. Rowling's beloved "Harry Potter" characters to motion picture life; and, it must be considered a rousing success.
82	adjudicated	1	**SPOILERS**Before I briefly state my views, I must confess that I have never read a word of or even picked up a Harry Potter book in all of my life. I had many friends rave and rant about them, and at my work, I often see my co-worker's kids sitting in corners, waiting for their mothers to take them to school, reading the latest chapter in the series enthusiastically. But because I have never read Harry Potter myself, I have no understanding of the series, the characters, or the plotlines outside of the world this movie has created. Therefore, this is a review for viewers like me: They haven't read the books, and they're curious to see what all the hype is about.
83	adjudicated	3	About halfway through Harry Potter 1, I considered walking out.  It's not that it was godawful, but having read the book, I knew how it all worked out-- and I had no confidence left that there would be anything the least bit interesting about how Rowling's story would be illustrated.
84	adjudicated	2	Ah, the first film adaptation of the beloved Harry Potter series. Harry Potter is an 11-year-old boy who comes to find out that he is a wizard. He lives with his uncaring Muggle (non magic) aunt, uncle, and cousin since his parents died when he was a baby. They were murdered by a dark and powerful evil wizard named Lord Voldemort. Harry would be dead too, but was miraculously saved, making him something of a legend. Upon learning of his guarded magic roots, Harry gets enrolled in Hogwarts- a British school for witches and wizards. While there he learns to come into his own, meet people that are actually good to him, and learn more of his dark past. Looking back, I don't know if it was a good idea to have Chris Columbus direct this, as he does have a reputation for being something of a hack, albeit a decent one. I think his direction is okay here. Yeah, retrospectively it could have been better, but it could also have been much worse. At least with him at the helm we get a good amount of whimsy to go along with a bit of menace, and that's a good thing, as the book was likewise not too heavy on the darker stuff (though that sure changed as time went on). Many liberties are taken, which is weird since the book is quite short, and the film is two and a half hours. It does get the point across decently enough though, and also works as a piece for those unfamiliar with the source material. John Williams provides great music, there's wonderful art direction and set design, and there's some nifty set pieces too. Featuring an all-British cast, this film is impeccably cast, and the performances are good too. Finding decent child actors is hard, but they really scored here. My enjoyment of this movie has waned over time, but it's still not a terrible piece of work by any means, so check it out.
85	adjudicated	1	An orphan is amazed to discover the existence of a secret world of magic when he is whisked away to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft & Wizardry. There he makes both friends and enemies amongst the pupils and teachers, develops his magical powers and confronts his destiny against the evil spirit which killed his parents and threatens to destroy the harmony of the magic realm.
86	adjudicated	3	As I was watching this film, probably for the 100th time, I realised how many of the great cast had sadly passed on - Richard Harris, Alan Rickman, John Hurt, Richard Griffiths and Verne Troyer - and it reminded me that this film is nearly 20 years old! I remember going to the cinema to see it with my Mum and insisting that she buy the books for me for Christmas, which, God bless her, she did and I devoured them, furious that the next instalment (Book 5) was still at least months away. I also insisted that she knit me a Gryffindor scarf, which she did, but I didn't know about it, because it wasn't finished until 15 years later (I'm actually always too hot to wear it, but I like that she made it for me - Don't tell her!). I didn't realise at the time how much room Harry and his world would take up in my life. I have thoroughly enjoyed the journey alongside Mr Potter, especially with my Niece, who is quite possibly the biggest HP nerd out there (Even if she does watch it without me sometimes).
87	adjudicated	3	At first I liked the Harry Potter series, it was imaginative, it was original, it was funny, and it had promise. Then the second one came out, "oh WOW this is heaven, it can't get better than this", then the third came out, "I was wrong about the second, because this is awesome". Then in between finishing the third and the release of the fourth I read the Lord of the Rings. And shortly after, the movies for both came out. I realized the huge difference, I was psyched out when I heard they were making a Harry Potter movie, but there they go and ruin it. Did you know Spielberg was originally supposed to direct, until Miss Rowling insisted it HAD to be an all British cast, in walks in Chris Columbus, a guy who directed Robin Williams in becoming a woman in "Mrs. Doubtfire", and a guy who's obviously willing to give in to any demand thrown at him by the author as long as he makes money. Well Mr. Columbus seemed to direct Ron into acting like a woman as well. You throw in a B list of child actors and a list of acclaimed adult actors who are far past their prime and who only opted to make these films because their grandchildren begged them to, and you have the first Harry Potter movie. There has never been a more horrific performance than that of Rupert Grint, who now dominates the worst performances of all time, kicking Jake Lloyd from The Phantom Menace out of the way. Daniel Radcliffe doesn't really possess much talent either, I highly doubt he has any future after this film, as far as acting goes anyways. As for Emma Watson, who thinks she's the best in the world, and if you think I'm talking about her performance as Hermione, you're dead wrong, have you listened to her in interviews? The room can barely fit the three of them; her, the interviewer, and her ego. Her performance is also astonishingly bad. I forgot to mention the horrible special effects, I have seen better on TV watching "Power Rangers". I mentioned the Lord of the Rings earlier to make reference to the obvious ripoffs of Miss Rowling. Firstly there are the dementors, cloaked ghostlike figures whose faces you never see (cough, RINGWRAITHS!). The whomping willow seems to ring a bell (ENTZ). The Giant Spider named Aragog (SHELOB). The trolls also seem to resemble something I've seen before... OH YEAH, the trolls in Lord of the Rings! Hopefully Warner Bros. choice of hiring different directors for the rest of the films will pay off. But this is the perfect example of a book that could have made an Oscar worthy classical movie, but fell short because instead of making it what it was intended to be they chose to skimp on the effects to make more money on little kids who think it's great because they're too young to watch real special effects in Star Wars or LotR. It really makes me sad, because in the months prior to the first movie I was marveling at the promise of it all. Richard Harris, Maggie Smith, Alan Rickman, they got John Williams to do the score, and like that, it was ruined. Although it does seem that my opinion differs from the rest of the world as Miss Rowling is just raking it in and so are the filmmakers, making even more money by skimping on the special effects that will no doubt succeed in dazzling children who aren't yet potty trained. Here's one buck the woman won't get her hands on.
88	adjudicated	1	Based on the book Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, this is the first film in the Harry Potter film trilogy, a story about a young boy (Harry Potter) who is rescued from the clutches of a neglectful aunt and uncle and a bratty cousin, and taken to study witchcraft at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. There he meets his future lifelong friends Ron Weasley and Hermoine Granger, witches Professor Snape and Professor McGonagall and the school's all-powerful headmaster, Albus Dumbledore. Harry also learns about his connection with the evil dark lord, Lord Voldemort.
89	adjudicated	3	Before I entered the cinema I was a little worried that the book may have been picked up and messed around with by the Hollywood machine and the film pushed out the end, But to my amazement they have kept almost the same. Several little bits were missing, like the absence of the poltergeist which I thought may have been quite fun. But a mystic magical adventure not to be missed!
90	adjudicated	3	Cool! I'm so sorry because in 21 years of my life, I've only seen a movie as cool as this. Harry potter, in my first impression, I was amazed and curious about how the next series of this film will be. Watching this film evokes a feeling of dark academia that was buried in the past. Even though this film was produced in 2001, but the quality is quite good and even not inferior to films produced now.
91	adjudicated	3	Cut about an hour out of the middle of HARRY POTTER and you'll have a pretty decent little movie.  As is, it's a bloated mess.  There's no heart to this, no characterizations.  It's just a product reel for all the special effects companies that worked on it.
92	adjudicated	3	Directed By: Chris Columbus
93	adjudicated	3	Even compared to the majority of fantasy films, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone takes the magical powers and fantastical creatures way too far. It's just like the Harry Potter book series written by J. K. Rowling, except Chris Columbus has brought the words and magic to the screen.
94	adjudicated	3	Even though I had so many good things about Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone I had my resverations about it. I bought the DVD six months ago and never got around to watching it so when it came on HBO saturday I watched it and I enjoyed the film. Chris Columbous has made his best film since the oringial Home Alone, a film that everyone can enjoy. The film is full of great special effects, acting and warmth, The Quigwich match was really. From now on every Harry Potter film will recieve my money in the theater.
95	adjudicated	3	Excessive and nearly completely tedious first installment in the sure-to-be long running series. The famous books come to life on the silver screen with "Harry Potter and the Sorceror's Stone". Young Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) is recruited to Hogwart's School to learn the arts of being a wizard. He immediately makes friends in Rupert Grint and Emma Watson, but nothing seems quite right. The titled stone, guarded by a three-headed dog, appears to be the target of one of the faculty members at the academy. It must be shady professor Alan Rickman, right? Chicago critic Richard Roeper called this "The Wizard of Oz" of this film-going generation, but really come on. This movie is not in the galaxy of films as the aforementioned production. Early success here gives way to a nearly unending running time and special effects that could tire more than interest. Rickman, along with legitimate performers like Maggie Smith, John Cleese, Warwick Davis, John Hurt and Richard Harris get shoved aside by ugly visual effects and the film's three adolescent leads (behaving like mischievous brats throughout). Director Chris Columbus (a film-maker that somehow continues to work on big budget junk) continues to show shortcomings and I think the scope of the book and the film are just way too much for him and the performers. 2.5 out of 5 stars.
96	adjudicated	3	First off I'll start on the basics that others have mentioned. The acting is bad from the three child-actors. I thought this might be because they were so young but I've seen the fifth film and it still doesn't improve. Their acting is on a "school play" level with over-emphasised lines and facial expressions. Daniel Radcliffe was chosen for this film because he looks like the character but by the fifth film he no longer looks like him. The silly glasses make this slightly better but it's a cheap effect. The ginger kid was annoyance personified and I could write an essay on his irritating habits. I detest the way he uses soft swear words like bloody with that fake working class accent. The girl overdid the "goody goody girl" role.
97	adjudicated	3	First off, I am going to give my modern day thoughts on Harry Potter and the Philosopher's/Sorcerer's Stone since I just now watched it for the first time in about 10½ years. And then, I will tell my story. I will begin with the positives to be nice. To be generous.
98	adjudicated	3	Gone With the Wind was another literary phenomenon that produced a film rendering that had to meet equally exacting fan qualifications. It's comparable in the sense that everyone had an attitude about the casting, which in due course resulted wonderfully. The novelists required a loyalty to the manuscript, which was respected. Directors were enlisted who could be relied upon to deferentially work for the material. Immeasurable arithmetic was done while constructing the corporal worlds of the novels. Producers challenged standard constraints about running time to incorporate all the indispensable narrative episodes.
99	adjudicated	3	Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) is a 10-year old British lad who has a zigzag scar on his forehead. He lives with his aunt and uncle and rotund, snotty cousin, who thoroughly despise him and make him live in a cupboard below a staircase. And all looks quite lost until the day Harry receives an invitation to attend the prestigious Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, and he's carried away by the giant Hagrid (Robbie Coltrane).
100	adjudicated	3	HARRY POTTER & THE SORCERER'S STONE
101	adjudicated	3	Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is a terrific movie with a very well developed storyline and a talented cast. It's a delight to watch, I've seen this movie numerous times and it never fails to make me smile, to cheer me up when I'm feeling down, the Harry Potter franchise is magical both inside and out, and it's simple fun to watch Harry go in to his first year at Hogwarts, the story's quite simple as the series kicks off with a light start, but it will still leave you wanting more. The films biggest flaw is, at times, it is too faithful to the book that it is based off, I'm sure this is pleasing for anyone who's read the book, but for those who haven't it tends to drag out at times, more than an hour passes before Potter even goes to Hogwarts and the main adventure dosen't unfold properly until at least one hundred minutes in, it can get a little tedious at times and that's why I'm giving it an eight instead of a nine that it easily could have received. The cast is outstanding, the young cast members are ridiculously talented for their age, Daniel Radcliffe seems to have no trouble playing a lead role, and both Rupert Grint and Emma Watson shine as his closest friends, they never lose a single bit of likability. They are joined by a terrific adult cast, including the likes of Alan Rickman, Maggie Smith, Robbie Coltrane and, the highlight of the movie for me, Richard Harris, he shines as Professor Dumbledore (sadly only for two movies), his characterization is perfect, he is wise, heartwarming and simply a lovable character. It may be a bit slow at times, but Harry Potter and the Philiosopher's Stone never loses its sense of fun and magic, and because of this it is a perfect film for the whole family to watch and enjoy. 
102	adjudicated	2	Harry Potter and the Philospher's Stone (I prefer to use the original British title) is a wonderful experience: good script, great visuals, extraordinary actors... However, there's a "but", which is the following: it's excessively faithful to the source novel, leaving out only one or two side characters. The movie, which tells how a seemingly normal boy, Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe), discovers he is actually a wizard and starts attending a school named Hogwarts, encountering many dangers throughout his first year, isn't boring for a second during its 146 minutes, but the pace is occasionally slowed down because, like in other "part 1 of 3" movies (actually, they're supposed to be 7), the director spends a lot of time introducing and explaining things, so he won't have to do it in the sequel(s). In this case, Chris Columbus, best known for Home Alone includes as much as possible also to make sure the target audience (kids) will enjoy it, adult viewers being more used to differences between book and film (and thus perhaps likely to find the running time a bit excessive). 
103	adjudicated	2	HARRY POTTER AND THE SORCERER'S STONE (2001) ** Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Emma Watson, Robbie Coltrane, Richard Harris, Alan Rickman, Maggie Smith, Ian Hart, John Hurt, Zoe Wanamaker, John Cleese, Warwick Davis, Richard Griffiths, Fiona Shaw, Julie Walters.  Overrated hoopla over JK Rowling's internationally popular junior wizard in training in this first outing with Master Potter enrolled in Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry with the thick, gooey Hollywood homogenization via special effects and a time-straining screenplay adaptation by Steve Kloves (the sorcerer's stone' is first mentioned at the 90 min. mark I kid you not!).  I'm sure for purist Potter freaks they'll be gasming over this and looking forward to the next chapter; I'm not.  (Dir: Chris Columbus)
104	adjudicated	3	Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (2001) is a movie I recently watched with my daughter on HBOMAX. The storyline follows an orphaned young man with a strange mark on his forehead who lives with his aunt, uncle and cousin. One day he is informed that he is special and is destined to attend a special school for those with magic. He is whisked off to a world like he could never imagine where he will quickly discover that he is a destined to be a savior for everyone with magic...
105	adjudicated	3	Harry Potter and The Sorcerer's Stone is an amazing start to the Harry Potter series by setting the stage for how the books will be adapted to the big screen. It is a bit outdated and does has its flaws in quality but as to be expected seeing as it's the first of the series and needed to establish the series before the movies could advance. The movie itself does stay true to the book and has a very similar whimsical and nostalgic feel throughout. All of the main characters are portrayed well and accurately and you just feel entrenched in the magic throughout. Highly recommend this movie and the entire series.
106	adjudicated	3	Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is not a perfect film, but it is a magical film. The franchise has been a large part of my life for most of my life. With the first book coming out when I was three years old and the first movie when I was seven, there is a special place in my heart for the Wizarding World of Harry Potter.
107	adjudicated	3	Harry Potter and the sorcerer's stone is the worst of the six films. It's not that it's a bad film, which it's not. I don't want to be mean here, but the three main characters, Harry,Ron, and Hermione, are annoying. I know it was there debut, but i'm sorry. I'm not even sure if it was there fault. But the reason why I think it's the worst is because the three main actors(Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint and Emma Watson) are annoying. It's not that they're bad actors. The thing is that Why would these three kids care about all of this stuff. Besides Harry Potter himself, why would the characters care if Snape was a villain or about the Sorcerer's stone or anything? They're supposed to be eleven. That's not all that I have a problem with. Chris Columbus doesn't have the mind that Alfonso Cuaron, Mike Newell and David Yates have. He's used to all of the cutsy stuff. I'm making The Sorcerer's stone seem like a bad film, which it's not. It is still a fun, cute movie to watch. At least the first two films aren't as good as any of the Lord of the Rings films. I mean seem like i'm not recommending it, but I am recommending it. Despite some of the flaws, Harry Potter and the sorcerer's Stone is on par with the book. it's the weakest of the films, but it's still a lot of fun.
108	adjudicated	3	Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone (4 out of 5 stars).
109	adjudicated	3	Harry Potter is a child left at the door of his uncles' house after the early death of his parents by a bearded old man, a small giant and a cat woman when he was just a baby. He is a green-eyed boy who wears split glasses and has messy black hair. He also had a special feature, a ray-shaped scar on his forehead. The uncles hated him and treated him very badly. He slept in a cupboard under the stairs and was constantly badly treated by his fat cousin. One day they went to the zoo and Harry trying to talk to a snake made the glass disappear without knowing how.
110	adjudicated	3	Harry potter is a pretty good movie. It has fine cgi, very good world building lovable characters, great acting, etc. The only real problem with the movie is the drawn out ending, which was super boring and filled with plot holes.
111	adjudicated	3	Harry Potter is an orphan living with his ignorant uncle and aunt under their stairs. He finds out that he is actually a wizard and there is a secret world out there.
112	adjudicated	3	Harry Potter is something that I grew up with, movies, games and the novels but I've only read the first two. These movies for me are masterpieces of its genre, it was just great in every aspect. Some things like the special effects, visuals and sets were groundbreaking back in 2001 and it still holds up today except that I can sadly tell that it's CGI at times but I didn't mind it at all. It still has the same heart, the characters are still great, intriguing, funny and well cast. I almost remembered every single scene except for a couple minor ones, I have watched these movies so many times and I still find them enjoyable, even as an adult. Today I noticed that the movie got nominated to 3 Oscars and they were right to get nominations, the music and soundtrack by John Williams should have won as it is something unique and perfect, one of my all time favorite movie soundtracks as it just flows so well with the movie.
113	adjudicated	3	Having just watched HP7A aka Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1, my mind flies back - almost magically, one might say - to the film which started it all.
114	adjudicated	3	How sad it is to begin the reader's comments with a whining, complaining, drone against everything about this movie. Why not pick a balanced view. Good grief! Did someone poison your dog? It made it sound like this doesn't compare favorably with "Hamburger: The Movie." I am a over fifty years old and thought I would be pretty lukewarm to a "kids" movie. I have been listening for a year to kids raving about the Harry Potter books. Their eyes light up--they are enthused about a "book." When I went to see it, I had just read the book the night before because I like to see how they translate. The script was delightful. The characters were charming. The acting in this movie is wonderful--were you expecting Bergman? The pacing is delightful. The sets are eerie and forbidding. I thought that the wonderment of the characters was there in full force. Who did you have in mind to play Harry? Are there any actors that you approve of? Perhaps Kevin Spacy should have played Harry. How about the blond girl from American Beauty as Hermione. Johnny Depp as Ron Weasley. Oh yeah--as I recall, Stephen Spielberg has made a couple of pretty decent movies.
115	adjudicated	3	I first watched this on VHS way back in the day, I remember thinking eh... it was ok, then a few years later got into the books and came back to watch the movies and BAM that was it.
116	adjudicated	3	I have been re-viewing the Potter films in order, building up to the last two installments, which I have yet to see. Watching them in order allows me to judge which were, in my humble opinion, are better than others.
117	adjudicated	3	I have never read the book this film is supposed to be based on, therefore, I can only judge this movie by itself. And there is not much to judge. I quit after 40 minutes or so and I have no regrets. The acting is ... well, it's not there. The script is a fairy tale, which takes itself way too seriously, making the story as dull and predictable as possible. The camera work is so standard, you can predict the angle of the next shot. What can I say - I just hope the book is better, since many kids like it. I would have given it 3 out of 10, but the wasted budget and the hype take their toll... 1 out of 10. A disgrace.
118	adjudicated	3	I have seen this movie numerous times on TV, but I was never able to watch it in it's entirety some reason until today where I managed to watch it all and it did not disappoint. The story is just really intriguing right from the start where you introduced to the character Harry Potter who is just very likeable which makes you root for him against his so called family. The world of Hogwarts is amazing and makes you want to wish it was a real place. The story is easy to follow and it's not predictable which I liked as there are a few twists which just make the movie even more thrilling. I have seen bits of the other movies on TV as well and I hope they are as good if not better as this.
119	adjudicated	3	I just finished watching all the Harry Potter films back to back to back to back. What a crazy trip. Before starting this review, here is my ranking, from best to worst:
120	adjudicated	3	I know I'm probably the only one that didn't care for this film, but I thought it was plain boring. The adaptation of the book is just OK and the acting is average. Frankly it's a pity to see all the great English actors in this film totally wasted and relegated to play second fiddle. The effects are very well done, but it's such a conventional treatment of the books that I kept checking my watch a few times to see when was it going to be over. It's very curious that hardly any of the young people in the audience didn't laugh at all. This Harry Potter is very heavy handed and it should have emphasized the fun and could have used a few lighter moments.
121	adjudicated	3	I love this film. Yes, nostalgia has a lot to do with my love, but I don't care. This film came out when I was seven years old and I was in first grade. My mother and father took me to our local movie theater to see it. Harry Potter book mania was in full swing and the phenomenon with the wonderful film series was about to explode with joy. Re- watching the films in order now I can look back on this film with a certain point of view. The first three H.P. films feel like stand alone stories and for the most part set up about 70% of the saga. Now that's was "Sorcerer's Stone is" a wonderful world building movie that keeps getting built upon with each new film.
122	adjudicated	3	I love this movie. I was too young to watch it when it came out, I was only four, but when I was old enough to watch it, I just loved it so much. It's so good. The storyline, acting, effects and music are all great. This Harry Potter film is probably my third favorite behind, Goblet Of Fire and Deathly Hallows: Part Two. Which isn't bad, third favorite out of eight movies. If you ever have a Harry Potter-thon, which I do, strap yourself in, because your in for almost twenty hours of amazement.
123	adjudicated	3	I really liked this film, but I much prefer the book, which has a lot more magic and wonder. Daniel Radcliffe is very likable as Harry, and he is given solid support by a funny Rupert Grint and a good Emma Watson, though she was annoying at times. The scene stealer was definitely Robbie Coltrane; I actually can't imagine anyone else playing Hagrid, Coltrane was just hilarious. Alan Rickman and Maggie Smith were also great, but for me the standout was the late Richard Harris. Now I much prefer Harris's interpretation of Dumbledore. He was soft-spoken, and actually fitted the part better. Both of these qualities were lost in the interpretation that Michael Gambon gave. I am not saying that Michael Gambon was bad, he just wasn't my ideal choice for Harris's replacement. The film is fairly faithful to its source material, and looks very beautiful. However, it is a bit long, and very young children may find Voldemort too frightening. I know because I have triplet brother and sisters who saw it, and couldn't sleep for about a month after viewing. In conclusion, a very good film, well performed and quite dark. 8/10 Bethany Cox
124	adjudicated	3	I saw this movie 3 times. It was so good, and I love the book, of how they wrote it and they also did put alot of stuff in the movie from the book and I like it. I really think this movie was very good. But I am still happy, that it is not scary. But I really liked this movie and I really think this movie. I gave it a thumb up, all the way. So feel free to respond and talk to you soon everyone!!!
125	adjudicated	3	I think I may sound like a stooge if I say this, but it is now that I have finally watched this movie. Throughout my life - school days, college, internet; I often used to see people going non-stop about Harry Potter (I think they are called Potterheads). Harry Potter this, Harry Potter that. So finally yesterday I decided to give it a try and oh my god, it's amazing! Why didn't I see it back when I had the chance to?
126	adjudicated	3	I was quite surprised to see that this movie only rated around 6.5. So it begs the question, exactly how enjoyable, clever, truly magical and unique does a fantasy movie have to be to rate close to or specifically a "10"?
127	adjudicated	3	I'm not a fan of the books. The ones I read seem like Roald Dahl wannabes. To me the books were young adult fiction that seems like young adult fiction.
128	adjudicated	3	I'm really sorry.
129	adjudicated	3	I'm very pleased! I watched all the movie! I have been Cried when I'm watching the last part of this movie! Love You Everyone ❤ Thank You Thank You Soo Much! I will show the movie series to my future children!
130	adjudicated	3	I've read all the Harry Potter books and really liked them. This movie pales in comparison to the books.  Too much is left out of the movie, especially the ending.  The book shows how all 3 kids overcome the challenges by doing what they are good at. And the movie leaves some of that out.  The kids were awful actors.  They must have cast the cheapest kids they could find.
131	adjudicated	3	I've read every harry Potter book available and was fascinated with them. The world and characters J.K. Rowling created are marvelous, these are going to be fantasy classics in books. What about the movies?
132	adjudicated	3	I've seen "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" quite a few times now. Tonight was the first time I really enjoyed it. It's not a perfect movie but the flaws bothered me less than they usually do. The movie is a little too long. The special effects are well done but they're also non-stop. Tonight, however, I enjoyed the characters more than I have before. The movie does have a certain charm. Now I'm willing to give the other movies in the series (I've seen them all multiple times) another chance.
133	adjudicated	3	If you don't know your Potter (like me), than you might have a problem with the titles. With other series, it's easier to distinguish, which one is part 1, 2, 3 etc. etc. Even the Naked Gun series which has Parts 2 and half and 33 and a third, you still know the order (not of the Phoenix obviously!) ;o) 
134	adjudicated	3	If you watch "Sorcerer's Stone" without reading the book first, there are certain narrative points that you will miss or not quite be as clear on (as usual). However, watching the movie closely following the reading experience will actually expand upon the Potter myth (I gave the first book four stars) due to this film's ability to lay the groundwork of the series in such stunning visuals and characters.
135	adjudicated	3	Imaginative, enchanting tale from the novel by J.K. Rowling about a beleaguered young boy who lives with his spoiled cousin and supercilious aunt and uncle. It's not until his eleventh birthday that he learns he's a wizard of unlimited potential, and is recruited to enroll at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry where his late parents have a legacy. The teaching staff prepares him for big things, but he immediately learns that being a wizard is a much more than just fun and games. Engaging story creates a vivid world of magic, mysticism, and trickery, with effective performances from its predominantly young cast, but the script and story can't hold up to the impact of all the razzle-dazzle, and it goes on too long. There's plenty to take in, and lots of fun to be had, but the film is slow going at first, then fast-paced and exciting, then eventually slows down again as it nears its conclusion. **½
136	adjudicated	3	In many ways the best of the franchise so far. I was free from any anticipation for this film being not overly impressed by the fantasy genre. This film redeems itself above other sorcery films with its old fashioned English ambiance being greater than arch and portentous fantasy.
137	adjudicated	2	In the first film, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, Harry thinks he is"just Harry". But actually he's a wizard who lives with his hostile uncle, aunt and cousin somewhere just outside London. On one special day he gets a letter, but his mean uncle Vernon Dursley prevents Harry from opening the letter, which results in an invasion of letters to Harry from Hogwarts, school of Witchcraft and Wizardry. The friendly half-giant Hagrid saves Harry on his eleventh birthday and brings him to the place where he can buy all the things he needs. After finding a wand and a pet, he goes to the station - platform 9 3/4 to be precise - and hops on the train to Hogwarts. This is where he meets his future best friends: Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. At Hogwarts he meets all the rest of the school, including the teachers and headmaster Dumbledore. He learns all new stuff, find friends but also learns about his past and parents. This first year is also the first time he encounters the most evil wizard of all time: Lord Voldemort, or at least a part of him.
138	adjudicated	3	In the first outing for Harry Potter, he learns of his descent from a magical background and enrols at the school of witchcraft and wizardry 'Hogwarts'
139	adjudicated	3	It's a movie made for people who think that magic is cute and fun.  If you're a fantasy fan like I am, and believe in magic (in a fictional sense) then you may very well detest this movie, as I did.  Magic comes easily to little Harry Potter, who has no personality to speak of except that he is occasionally sad that he never met his mum and dad.  Years of abuse and neglect have left not a mark on him, so when he gets invited to Hogwarts Academy of Magic, he has nowhere for his character to go.  There he flies around on his broomstick and gets to be a big hero quite by accident without ever confronting any serious obstacles or anything resembling a plot.  In all this, the film is an excellent adaptation of the book, which also thought that magic is cutesy wootesy.
140	adjudicated	3	J. K. Rowling's "Harry Potter" novels have caught the imagination of the public like no other children's literature of recent years, not even Philip Pullman's "His Dark Materials". Rowling's stroke of genius was to combine two areas of children's fiction which are normally kept separate, the world of magic and witchcraft and the world of the boarding school. (The "school story", dating back at least to "Tom Brown's Schooldays" from the early Victorian period, has long been a prolific source of children's literature in Britain, if less so in other countries). 
141	adjudicated	3	Literally anyone could write this story. Nothing is original, the effects are mostly bad, the acting is bad, the direction is bad and the music score was written by John Williams 25 years ago (if you get my meaning).
142	adjudicated	2	Maybe the first problem with this kind of movies is their subject; MAGIC. We cannot argue about any aspects of it, because it's magic; anything is possible, we must shut our mouths and sit like a good kid and watch it without any digestion. And that's where the problem grows. We see lots of possible things without any background or history and yet we see some normal things that they cannot do, for example they have this cloak to hide but this could be unnecessary. Why couldn't they just hide themselves with that sticks? Oh, they're not able to do that!!!
143	adjudicated	3	My Take: It's every bit a new pop-culture classic. An astounding, magical adventure. 
144	adjudicated	3	Now I'm not the sort of hateful guy that looks at such a movie and cries foul.  I suppose if the Catholics can have corrupted priests...  us Christians can have Nazi supported book burnings.  What.. are we paranoid of this?   Lemme guess..  they're gonna go apeskip over Halloween.
145	adjudicated	2	Once upon a time (and not that long ago), in the vivid, fertile imagination of author J.K. Rowling, a character was born:  A boy.  A young boy named Harry, who was destined to become one of the most beloved characters to emerge from a work of fiction in a long, long time, and was quickly embraced by young and old alike in all corners of the world.  And now, thanks to the magic of the cinema, Harry and his companions fairly leap from the pages of the novel to the silver screen in the phenomenal motion picture, `Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone,' directed by Chris Columbus and written for the screen by Steve Kloves.  Indeed, Harry Potter is a boy, but not just any boy; because Harry (Daniel Radcliffe) just happens to be a wizard.  But, orphaned as a baby, Harry has been raised by his Aunt Petunia (Fiona Shaw) and Uncle Vernon Dursley (Richard Griffiths), who never let him in on the fact that he was, well-- what he was.  It seems that Petunia didn't approve of her own sister-- Harry's mother-- because she was a witch; nor of Harry's father because he, too, was a wizard.  When Harry turns eleven, however, the secret is out of the bag when-- after some strange goings-on-- a giant of a man named Rubeus Hagrid (Robbie Coltrane) shows up at the Dursley's door to collect Harry and take him off to `Hogwarts,' a school for wizards and witches and all who would perfect the gift with which they were born:  The gift of magic!  And from the moment Harry boards the train (from station platform nine-and-three-quarters) that will take him to his destiny, the magic is alive-- for Harry, and for the audience, as well; and it's a journey you will never forget.
146	adjudicated	3	One of my favorite books, unfortunately the movie doesn't keep up to the standards. Also disheartened by mediocre performance by the main actor, Ron and Hermione are really good though. Did not like the actors caster for Fred and George as really doesn't go with the impression one would get of those two from the book.
147	adjudicated	3	One of the most anticipated and one of the best films of 2001.
148	adjudicated	2	Orphaned not long after his birth, "Harry Potter" (Daniel Radcliffe) is forced to live in the home of his only living relatives who treat him rather badly. That all changes one day when he is informed by a man named "Rebeus Hagrid" (Robbie Coltrane) that his parents were famous magicians and because of that he is invited to attend the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Needless to say, Harry accepts almost immediately and after Hagrid and he buy the necessary school equipment he begins his journey to the mystical academy. It's then that he meets two fellow students named "Ron Weasley" (Rupert Grint) and "Hermione Granger" (Emma Watson) who become his good friends and share in his triumphs and travails. Now rather than reveal any more I will just say that this film was based on the very successful book "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone" by J.K. Rowling and from what I understand remains quite faithful to the book. At least for the most part. In any case, I found it to be a fine fantasy film with the interaction between Harry and his two friends especially entertaining. Admittedly, there are some slow parts here and there and it does run a bit long (152 minutes). Even so, despite the faults just mentioned, I believe this to be one of those rare movies which can be enjoyed by the entire family and I have rated it accordingly. Above average.
149	adjudicated	3	Philosopher's stone was a great start to the HP movie series. They visualised the essentials of the story, making the magic come to life. The amount of concept visualisation it took to make the movies a reality was incredible. From props to set design, costume design and character portrayal, the series is a must watch, especially if you need something to watch with family and friends.
150	adjudicated	3	Platform number 9(3/4) would have been discovered easily by muggle world as train platform are not that empty.
151	adjudicated	3	Probably the best start Harry Potter could have ever had. This film is incredible. It has everything you could have imagine. Action, sadness and even revenge. The way the film is set out is amazing. The style on Hogwarts and the CGI brings the book to life. All the characters are acted out perfectly and are just like they should be. I certify this film: GOOD.
152	adjudicated	3	Reminded me rather strongly of both 'Bedknobs and Broomsticks' and 'Oz', apparently does justice to the popular series of books. Now I have not read them-but the material certainly is familiar looking enough. I found this to be, at least as a film:
153	adjudicated	3	Rescued from the outrageous neglect of his aunt and uncle, a young boy with a great destiny proves his worth while attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.
154	adjudicated	3	Sorcerers stone is the movie that started all and where all magic and its world begun on which a lot of children grow up including me,sorcerers stone is a good stepining stone for a massive franchise,still it has some problems with tone shifting and balancing fun and serious moments and it intruduced some charcters that in other movies never appeared again by that i think they were unneceserey to be even in first one,but for first film it intruduced this world in good way and intuduced a lot beloved now even iconic characters
155	adjudicated	3	terribly contrived and juvenile.  From the outset, it treats viewers like they were little children - the problem is, that most children won't realize how terrible it is because they haven't the breadth of experience to notice how contrived and unoriginal the plot is.
156	adjudicated	3	The acting and order of events led up to a very good conclusion and I can see why people enjoy the harry potter films but unfortunately this film didn't spark for me leading to me not wanting to watch it again.
157	adjudicated	3	The Debut Movie that Flag-Shipped the Film-Series, that became a Phenom in Itself.
158	adjudicated	3	The Harry Potter series has always been my favorite magic movie. I am a fan of Emma Watson, and I watch every movie of hers. I love Hermione so much. It is a pity that this movie was not seen in the cinema. The storyline is very restored to the novel, continuing the level of the previous few
159	adjudicated	3	The only reason why I am not giving it 8 is because it target the children
160	adjudicated	1	There is a major difference between reviews here and this is very easy to explain. Anybody who (like me) has read the books multiple times, knowing the slightest details and loving absolutely everything from the series, can´t be completely happy with the film. For the neutral watcher who read the books maybe once or not even at all this movie must seem like a really entertaining and well directed film. The problem is that though very good acting, especially Alan Rickman as Snape, a beautiful scenery and very good camera work, the most important essentials of the books are pretty much non-existing. For instance, I, as an hardcore fan since the first time reading the books when i was 9, was always extremely interested in reading a passage of a normal school lesson or a normal day at any job of an fully educated wizard, eg in the ministry of magic. Rowling made us have the desire to always experience more of the universe she created. I was always amazed by the lightness and uncomplicated way of Rowlings writing, how she managed to let us accompany Harry in his daily life, making the actually extremely strange and funny way of the magicians life seem so normal and casual for the readers. The film on the other hand is more of a build-up to Harry´s first encounter with Voldemort, a scene that´s perfectly directed with impressive effects and good filming, which is definitely the highlight of as well film and book, with the difference that the book is more focused in describing Harry´s adventrous first year as a whole. The film is a little bit inconsistent in terms of how close it sticks to the book´s plot and this is another problem. Because of the book being so comprehensive and full it is nearly impossible not to skip any sections of the book. In my opinion the screenwriter should have either sticked closer to the book or distanced the filmplot more from it. Another thing i miss is the great dry humour the book is spiced with in a lot of ways. The problem is that this can´t really be translated in the movie because it´s often in the way Rowling describes things and not only in the dialogues. One thing that is awesome is the music. In my opinion John Williams is the best film music composer and the way he captures the mysterious and thrilling atmosphere and the majesty and greatness of Hogwarts is marvelous. At the end I can say that the film can meet the expectations but it´s just not possible to convince a haerdore fan completely, just because while reading the book, everybody creates his own picture of Hogwarts, the characters and the scenery. This is called imagination, it is the best part of reading a book, not possible to be translated completetly satisfyingly into a movie and the reason to my big recommandation concerning Harry Potter and also every other book which is filmed. Read the book first! If you watch the film first and read the books afterwards you´ll miss a great time imagining everything for yourself. And this will come espescially pronounced in the books of Harry Potter.
161	adjudicated	3	This film is by all means a classic, but classic does not mean great. Though the set design and camera work (not specifically cinematography but rather how the camera moved through scenes) and editing was great. That film as a whole does not deserve as much credit as it gets.
162	adjudicated	3	This film is the best kids film ever and I never get tired of watching. It just gives that warm fuzzy feeling inside and I'm smiling like an idiot throughout. Each time I see it i notice something different. Thanks to JK Rowling for giving me and my son a bond for life. I can't imagine a life without Harry Potter in it.
163	adjudicated	3	This film version of the children's classic has now been out long enough for us to take the p*ss. For Potter fans and kids basically. `Yes kids, you too can be like Harry Potter. All you need is a Christmas list as long as your arm, a shopping arcade and a parent with a credit card! And remember, if your parents won't buy it for you, that's proof that they don't love you enough and you should run away!' A soulless and uninspiring hack job designed to squeeze the maximum amount of dosh out of the viewing public.
164	adjudicated	3	This is the biggest movie farce in history.  First of all, The special effects make the adults go wild, and the little kiddies that dont even read the books, and look at the picture on the front cover, and try to be cool, see this movie because they are to lazy to read. This is the same exact story as the book.  Harry lives with a mean aunt and uncle, he goes to hogwarts, he plays quidditch.
165	adjudicated	3	This masterpiece must be preserved perfectly to all the generations to come. This is a genius simple story that everyone can relete to sometime in their life. Every humans desire to escape from reality for a while, this excellent film series is one of the greatest series, if not the greatest and never gets old.
166	adjudicated	3	This movie has some of the best child acting and child performances that I've ever seen! I've been a fan of this movie ever since 3rd grade and it's one of the best first installments that have ever been made (even though some of the special effects don't hold up anymore and it's looked faker over the years, however it still has awesome costumes and make up). The acting from the adults were impressive as well and I really got invested in the Harry Potter universe with this first film! Imo, it's even better than the Fellowship of the Ring! Plus, the music composed by John Williams is magical by itself! While many aren't fans of J. K. Rowling anymore, she will always deserve credit for this genius and magnificent creation!
167	adjudicated	3	This movie is a delight for those of all ages.
168	adjudicated	3	This movie is pretty good, It's an enjoyable movie. It manages to set up the wizarding world and it never felt slow paced when they did it. There is some flaws to this movie and i will say them.
169	adjudicated	3	This was such a brilliantly done film. Well Harry Potter is a brilliantly done franchise in general. But the Sorcerers Stone (or Philosophers Stone) is a well done beginning for this franchise. The character development in this franchise is absolutely fantastic. You get instantly attached to the main and side characters instantly. All the actors did a great job and gave funny and fun performances. The overall feel of this movie is so magical and has such a fun feel. I have never seen a movie World get you so attached more quickly then Harry Potter. Overall this film was awesome and I highly recommend it.
170	adjudicated	3	We live in a world where economics is hard. This forces practical limitations when making a movie. Time and money are sadly finite, cinema owners need to be pleased as well as fans and computer animation ain't perfect. Given these limitations, this film is about as close to human perfection as it is possible to achieve. However, it's extremely clear what an immense challenge it is to turn Philosopher's Stone from book to film.
171	adjudicated	3	Well, for starters, the older cast, almost all of whom are instantly recognizable if you've seen much of British television or film, are simply delightful in their roles, with special honors going to Alan Rickman as Professor Snape, Richard Harris as Albus Dumbledore, and Robbie Coltrane as Rubeus Hagrid. Some other positive aspects to the film is that it is a faithful adaptation for the most part, and the child actors certainly aren't the worst I've ever seen. Moreover, John Williams' brilliant score was at the time one of the best in years.
172	adjudicated	1	Well, this first installment brings us to the get go of Potter's life. I thought they would make a too big introduction until we get to the action, but fortunately the writers knew how to make a reasonable time for introduction-- and were able to not make it a boring moment of the film. Radcliffe, Emma Watson and Rupert show in the very first version of the franchise how talented they are, and I'm pretty sure production team already knew they would never disappoint-- and in fact, they never did. "Sorcerer's Stone" the whole time tries to make you believe Snape is the bad guy, giving clues he's the one trying to steal the stone-- when in fact, it's another random professor. Special effects are decent for such year it's been released, but for the high budget they had I thought it could be a little more realistic at times. Rest of the cast is good and I don't have one name to flame all around. From now on I'll be seeing the next episodes, and I hope it continues this good!
173	adjudicated	3	What else can I say about the world of Harry Potter that hasn't been said already? After the first book came out, everyone was going crazy for Harry Potter. But then Potterheads minds were blown when in 2001, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone was released. The film was directed by Chris Columbus and stars Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Emma Watson, John Cleese, Robbie Coltrane, Warwick Davis, Richard Griffiths, Richard Harris, Ian Hart, John Hurt, Alan Rickman, Fiona Shaw, Maggie Smith, and Julie Walters. The film was a huge success financially and critically and luckily won fans of the books over and continued with seven more films plus three spinoff films.
174	adjudicated	3	When I first saw this movie I was ten years old, the same age the characters where supposed to be. My older cousin and her boyfriend took me to the Mall to watch a movie. Back then I wasn't going very often to the cinema, due to the fact that my parents didn't have time and I wasn't old enough to go alone to any theater. The movie captivated my attention like nothing before and I became so interested in anything that had to do with this movie, and I heard that it was made after a book. I didn't had Internet back then, but I found the first book at a library and convinced my mother to buy it. That's how I became obsessed with reading and writing.
175	adjudicated	3	When I knew the film was being made, I thought how could they make a film that would be up to the standard of such a perfect book. But they did! Sure they missed bits out but they captured the essence of the book brilliantly. One member of the cast was mis-cast for me but my children disagreed.I even found myself believing they were flying and not wondering "how are they doing that?" So 10 out 10 Warner Brothers. Bring on the next one!
176	adjudicated	3	When I watched this movie at the first time I wasn't really aware what is it about. I was only ten years old, at the age when everyone believes that magic is real, that his or her own fantasies and most wild dreams can finally come true. As I remember this film was one of the first films arranged for children around 7-12 years old, so it was like present for me. Set in early nineties, this story takes place in London. The plot revolved around Harry Potter, whose parents where murdered by one of the greatest dark wizards of all time Lord Voldemord. Despite the fact that he was with his mother when she died, he survived, the fact that made him famous in wizarding world. He used to live with his cruel relatives, Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia, but now he is about to leave their house to learn magic in Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Daniel Radcliffe, actor who played titular protagonist, despite the fact that he was only twelve when first of Harry Potter movies released, could perfectly show all emotions little Harry felt all over this story. As movie about magic, it is exciting and breathtaking, with perfect decorations and interesting plot twists. It has bewitching magical effects, that makes you believe in reality of what is happening. A bonus is perfectly matched themes, like well-known "Hedwig Theme". The adventures of little boy and his friends will grab you out and never leave you until movie ends. This is one of the best films about magic in many years. Not one generation grown watching this movie. I hardly advice you to watch it and plunge in atmosphere of Witchcraft and Wizardry.
177	adjudicated	2	While the series improves as it progress, I found the first two instalments of the Harry Potter franchise quite unenjoyable. Rowling relies heavily on plot band-aids to cover up her mediocre writing and I really cannot think of a more overrated author. I don't even know where to begin regarding the logistical errors of Rowling's work in this particular story. The nonsensical Quidditch scoring system, the abusive Dursleys, Harry's entirely inherited magical abilities, the ridiculous house points scoring system (the ending is just a joke, if I was in Slytherin I would have rioted). These are all bad enough, but it's the overall lack of a cohesive plot that really makes this story so weak. There is no real reason why anything happens, it's merely just a string of random events designed to make the main characters look heroic while the adults gush over them from afar.
178	adjudicated	3	Why all the glowing comments?  This is one lame movie.  Haven't we seen these types of special effects enough already?  The acting was lame.  The story was lame.  The pace was slow.  The scenes overly long and trite.  I was bored out of my mind.
179	adjudicated	3	With billions upon billions of pounds in revenue generated from book sales, film adaptations and all other mediums, and with the hysteria surrounding the series now all but gone, it seemed the perfect time to re-visit the Harry Potter film franchise. I'll state outright that I'm a fan of the books: they are hardly ground-breaking pieces of literature, but they are a meticulously crafted and widely imaginative set of novels, maturing with it's progression and with the age of it's characters and readers. The movie adaptations were consistently average, fiercely loyal to J.K. Rowling's prose but always somewhat lacking in substance.
180	adjudicated	3	With the sixth book now out (and one more to go), I feel that I should review "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone". By now, the Harry Potter books have become so well entrenched in our culture that I don't even need to explain the story. But I can say that director Chris Columbus did a great job adapting the book to the silver screen.
181	adjudicated	3	... which is that there was no overarching story to this trilogy planned.
182	adjudicated	3	'Nice to look at' is the most suitable answer here... I did not expect much from this film and therefore did not get disappointed. Star Wars is (for me) still a fairy tale set in the universe... with the 'good' fighting the 'evil'. And sure, this film got that 'right'... even with the happily ever after part.
183	adjudicated	3	"The Rise of Skywalker" was a film many had mixed feelings about. Some hoped it would fix undesirable elements of the previous film. Others felt it could continue a daring and unexpected route for the franchise. Regardless of where you stand, it's hard to argue that Rise of Skywalker succeeded in no task that made many happy.
184	adjudicated	3	(QUICK EXTRA NOTE: In fairness to critics who think hating the new Star Wars movies makes you a sexist Russian bot and, given their stance on Episode IX, can no longer use that defense mechanism, haters can't claim y'all are being paid to shill Disney anymore either.)
185	adjudicated	3	A hot mess of a movie, with terrible writing, dim acting and clunky direction.
186	adjudicated	3	A New Hope had a great story line and didn't have CGI.
187	adjudicated	3	A tragic culmination of the flaws of the previous 2 films. Whether due to his own lack of imagination, studio meddling, or the previous abomination that Rian Johnson directed, JJ Abrams has wholly and utterly failed to deliver a satisfying end to this abysmal trilogy.
188	adjudicated	3	As the dotard has honesty and candour.
189	adjudicated	3	But I couldn't. It's a disgrace to the Star Wars universe. Jar jar abrams. I don't know where to start but so many have voiced their disgust for the Disney cretins who destroyed this franchise I'm not sure what can be added. Disney needs to wholesale fire everyone at Lucas and start over. Nothing original or even entertaining about it. Jar jar abrams is way overrated. Hollywood is over.
190	adjudicated	1	Despite the Last Jedi's misdeeds, I still had some faith and potential ideas for this film's hopes, but as one would expect Disney canned those because they just don't care. Rey is a stale protagonist that nobody cares about, and honestly is so op and emotional that she'd be better off as a sith rather than a jedi. That was my hope, that Rey would turn to the dark side while Kylo would return to the light. That possibly could've saved this film for me, but no, it wasn't meant to be.
191	adjudicated	3	Disrespectful to Lucas and the whole world. This movie along with the last 3 must be de-canonized.
192	adjudicated	2	Early on in this movie there is a scene where Poe is 'lightspeed-skipping' to escape the First Order. This pretty much sums up the final movie in the Star Wars trilogy.
193	adjudicated	3	Embarrassing If there was a lower rating than 1, this film would deserve it. Was this written by a remedial Sunday school class? The rise (hahahaahaaaaa) is a selfish, stupid, and harmful film. If this movie was satire and called "Bulls**t", I would still give it a ZREO for even giving screen time to this nonsense. Geez... really, humans.
194	adjudicated	3	Episode VIII The Last Jedi was bad. It made little sense. Was a strange rehash of episodes V and VI. It had an agenda that essentially was wrong for Star Wars. You thought that Star Wars can't get worse.
195	adjudicated	3	For me, easily the worst of the three latter-day Star Wars films, and almost as bad as Solo.
196	adjudicated	3	Good, it was fun while it lasted Disney, finely crafted, pricey joke, now where is the real bunch of sequels?.. oh..
197	adjudicated	3	Having witnessed TROS a week ago and realising that it required a moment to process, I went about re-watching its predecessors. I had never really registered the prequels as anything more than schlocky fun, but putting myself into the shoes of ardent fans waiting with baited breath at the turn of the century, TPM becomes more than just a disappointment. The political discourse aims for complexity but its conflicts are resolved with laser swords, the dialogue's delivery gives a fresh meaning to the word monotone, the ethnic stereotypes are at best irritating, and the visual effects are downright ugly. While the podracing sequence has aged relatively well, it's symptomatic of another issue - whoever thought it was a good idea to devote an entire third of Vader's origin story to his dopey pre-teen self? No matter his midichlorian count, the plot itself is inconsequential; the galaxy lies in precarious balance between the light side and the dark, but here he is playing with action figures.
198	adjudicated	3	Honestly, I really have no idea what the title actually has to do with this particular movie, especially since we know that Luke passed on at the end of the previous film. Still, I guess there is this burning question in our heads as to who Rey happens to be and where she comes from. Well, considering that this is the last film in the sequel trilogy you can be guaranteed that we find out.
199	adjudicated	3	I couldn't have imagined a worse effort and follow up to TLJ in my wildest nightmares. The Rise of Skywalker is a truly horrific Frankensteinian mess of a movie.
200	adjudicated	3	I don't detest this film, but I almost wish I did. Walking out of a Star Wars screening feeling nothing is soul sucking. At least the prequels made me angry about several things, but now I can't even bother to passionately discuss its flaws with others. It's my honest opinion that there was a lack of vision and overarching story, and this third installment felt rushed and disjointed. It's like Disney/JJ Abrams realised this is not a TV show, and had to cram 3 films into 1.
201	adjudicated	3	I don't get the score this film has in this site. It is one of the worst films ever made. And if we think this is supposed to be Star Wars, it's even worse. The prequels are jewels compared to this. Makes you miss JarJar and the Gungans, who actually seemed like creatures from this universe.
202	adjudicated	3	I had a thought watching this, "How did Disney allow this clusterfk to happen?" But then it all made sense (or cents). It's the Disney approach to commodifying our childhood stories and fantasies and turning it into a production line, churning out identical, packaged goods all in one colour. (In other words, the same crap over and over again).
203	adjudicated	3	I was going to see this movie. In spite of my severe disappointment with episode VIII I was going to see episode IX. I have 40 years invested in this franchise so I had to finish.
204	adjudicated	3	I'll try to answer with no spoilers, but this movie feels like u made a cake that's too bitter so now ur trying to fix it by adding sugar to it but not it's too wierd sweet so u add some ginger to change the taste a bit but not it taste awful so u try to put some cream cheese on top to make people forget about it all but now its ugly so you try to put some chocolate on top of everything.
205	adjudicated	3	I'm sick and tried of bad reviews for what isn't a bad movie given by people who only highlight the bad points. It feels like people believe they're entitled to a movie with a story told exactly how they want it and so refuse to enjoy it. The 1 star reviews are not from true Star Wars fans in my opinion.
206	adjudicated	3	I've been disappointed with Disney and the newest Star Wars trilogy and this was no different. It's like we're going round in circles and copying the same stuff which should have just been left at the return of the Jedi.
207	adjudicated	3	I've been reading some of the reviews of this film on idmb. I was pretty taken aback by how many negative reviews there are I mean a LOT if bad reviews a lot of 2 and 3 out of 10! Really? You people thought it was that bad? Well I liked it it's definitely the best of the trilogy. While I agree this trilogy has been pretty disappointing, I believe this film stands out. It was a really inventive storyline and the performance of the actors was emotionally charged. Good Acton scenes as well. As far as these really bad reviews, you people seriously need to lighten up you define the phrase "tough crowd"
208	adjudicated	3	I've never come close to leaving a Star Wars film in the cinema before, but today I found myself, thirty minutes in, shaking my head, facepalming over and over at this film. To some extent this is a film of two halves. A bad half and a terrible half. The first half is, without doubt, the worst half of any Star Wars film ever made. The pacing is horrendous. It's all happening too fast, the scenes, the dialogue, the action. It's too much. None of it makes any sense. Everything just seems to happen to enable the characters to go on an aimless adventure from planet to planet before the finale. It's absolutely atrocious and aimless.
209	adjudicated	3	If you are a biased Star Wars fan this poor excuse for a film will enthrall you. If you are an unbiased movie goer, you will likely dislike this film. Even if you are bored out of your mind and watch this film just to kill time, you will still not like it if you are not a biased viewer..
210	adjudicated	3	If you were to take a step back and think about all the different plot sequences (short events), they look good on the surface: fast-paced action, good dialog, humor, characters from previous movies, lots of cool worlds and great F/X.
211	adjudicated	3	If you're a Star Wars fan, the best way to enjoy this film is to read all the negative reviews, watch all the YouTube videos, read all the leaks( they are mostly true) and head to the cinema a little drunk, with expectations lower than underground pipes.
212	adjudicated	3	In a galaxy far, far away ... so begins a couple of hours of a really poor portrayal of middle school level science or actually a good portrayal of failing m. s. science. For however far into the future we humans, if we're still here, will be exploring it might be to nearby stars w/robotics let alone the 100 billion of stars in our galaxy & further let alone some other galaxy. And, we won't be dressed, talking, behaving like early 20th century Americans. This film has the same predictable special effects CGI we've been seeing for decades. Same old Earth life comically modified into alien life. Dialogue really dumbed down and made even more incongruous given the technical level of each character.
213	adjudicated	3	In this film:
214	adjudicated	3	It was one of the worst films I had seen in years.
215	adjudicated	1	It's clear now that this film franchise was doom from the start when Disney buy out Lucasfilm. Nobody had a clue how to further tell the story. So, director JJ Abrams and producer Kathleen Kennedy closely just rehash the same formulaic tropes of the original trilogy again with a few lazy reconstructing twists. They didn't even bother using with any of the establishing lore from books that could had made the films seen somewhat unique and new. Look, as much as people hate the prequels. At least, they gave us somewhat of a beginning tale that somewhat fit into the continuous story of the originals. As for these sequel series, they really do hurt most of the canon lore. This movie being the worst. It ruined the whole Skywalker redemption arch by having Darth Sidious (Ian McDiarmid) return with yet again with the over clichés easy to pick off out of nowhere planet killing ships rather than going all in with more complex well-acted Kylo Ren (Adam Driver). It also gave the whole Chosen One prophecy to somebody else. Perhaps the biggest let down in the movie was finding out that semi alright Rey (Daisy Ridley) does indeed have a grand gifted lineage rather than the idea that great power within the Force can manifest in anyone. Don't get me wrong, having Rey be related to the real villain is not a bad idea. It just shouldn't be biological parental because it's a bit off putting that somebody pork her grandfather. Instead she should be one of the many female Sith cultist clones that was model after Sidious including trailer fodder Darth Rey. Emperor Palpatine that died previous should be the male clone also separate from Sidious. It would better explain why the ancient dark lord look like in bad shape as he made copies upon copies of himself over time and why he can heal himself back once a clone like Rey dies. As for the old Supreme Leader. I would love to think that the reason why he looks rough was because he was one of the very few copies of the demise Darth Plagueis. It can explain why Sidious was able to gain control of him so easily. All this would make more sense than what the film gave us. Another thing that was disappointing is having Ren work with Sidious and Rey trying to burn the lightsaber. It dropped the ball with Rey's beliefs of preserving the past to gain knowledge and strength was counterpart to Kylo's wants to destroy it as he felt that it binds people to weakness and ignorance. The film also ignored their dyadic idealistic understanding that future peace can only be made with the meager of the cookie cutter light and the dark side of the force into the grey area way. It sucks. Also having Rey fall in love with the man that killed all her mentors is an unhealthy forced romantic relationship. Such a turn off more than the last movie. That was one thing that should had been retcon! At least Abrams keep the good thing about their communicate. The idea that they can move items through their mental and physical force powers despite not being in the same location was cool to witness even if it never established or used in the original or prequel series. Yet the used age of the new half-baked force healing was not well done. It makes demise seem like a game of hot potato. Likewise, if the force can straight up heal people and even bring them back from near death. Why would Jedis forbid the practice? It sounds like they could had saved the universe all this problem if they taught a certain Skywalker how to do it many moons ago. To add onto that the idea that most of the dead Jedis would be alright in helping Rey rather than any of the previous heroes like Luke (Mark Hamill) is such a cop out. She is more prone to use her anger and fear. Also, the idea that Sidious is able to use all the powers of all the Sith to knock out all the whole fleet through force lightning is over the top silly more than the Holdo maneuver, not only because every dark lord in the past has betrayed each other but as well their long history belief to limited their numbers to a very few. It makes no sense. Along with that, the whole 16 hours ancient Sith dagger wayfinder fetch quest really felt like wasted nonsense filler. The idea that the blade edge lines up perfectly with still surprising mostly intact wreckage of the Death Star was outrageous dumb luck seeing how the explosion burn it up nor the tough waters eroded the metal over time. The story pacing is kinda hard to believe like Rey fixing Luke's old ship in a few hours after years being underwater. It kinda like how they never explain how Maz Kanata voiced by Lupita Nyong'o got a hold with Luke's old lightsaber or what Finn (John Boyega) had to say to Rey. It's really bad editing. While the performers are great, their characters are wasted along with less annoying Rose (Kelly Marie Tran) and Poe Dameron (Oscar Isaac). Also, the death of Carrie Fisher in late 2016 caused major problems in production as well. The repurpose unused footage of Leia was kinda jarring. The visual/special effects from ILM were still impressive along with the sets & costume but some of the action scenes does cause dangerous photosensitive epilepsy. Not good. At least the film score by John Williams was still amazing. Overall: This movie is a mess from start to the cheesy name changing finish. I can't act like the previous two were perfect, but this seems especially maclunkey. I didn't like it. At least 'the Mandalorian' TV show is giving new hope for Star Wars because this movie certainly tries to kill it.
216	adjudicated	1	J.J. walked into a mess and all he could do is attempt to deliver an entertaining film. I can tell he tried to please everyone with a lot of fan service, and it can be somewhat pleasing. Although, there are A LOT of missed opportunities yet again. A bit unfulfilling as well (ahem Emperor Palpatine - it was so weird). Some really cool moments and some good scenes but overall it's like ten movies in one go and will be hard to follow if you're not immersed into the Star Wars universe.
217	adjudicated	3	Letting JJ whatever his name is and Rian Johnson write the sequel trilogy is a complete disservice to fans these 3 movies are the worst in Star Wars history. Thank god for The Mandalorian, Rogue One, Star Wars: The Clone Wars and Solo wasn't bad.
218	adjudicated	3	News that is. Very good news. It is the last one. We don't have to see this cast and crew again (until sequel time in 2021).
219	adjudicated	3	Nothing, plain nothing, no original plot, just repetitions of previous plot parts, same shootings, same remarks, same rememberings, same too loud music that's supposed to cover the lack of anything else, fights and more fights with no results, everything is same, nothing new, not one moment of originality in more than 2 hours. Hopefully this tiring saga is over now, and please give J.J A. some rest, few years to recover some originality - if he has any left. The reason i gave it 3 stars and not the minimum is the sea scene, stolen from interstellar, but still nice
220	adjudicated	1	Now, I actually don't have a lot of issues with this film. Only 3 issues really stand out to me, but they are 3 very major issues. The first is the pacing. Were the prequels or The Last Jedi too slow for you? Well, this movie moves along so fast it barely gives you any time to breathe! For some who just want to go on a fun ride, this might be a good thing. For me though, slowing down and letting the characters just talk to each other is really important. This movie barely does that. There is always something going on or a plot twist being dropped. It went so fast, I didn't even have time to comprehend a lot of it! This movie feels very rushed. It does slow down a little later on, but it's still a major issue with a good chunk of the film. There are also WAY too many new characters introduced! You have a large enough cast as it is, just work with what you already have! My second issue is Palpatine. It's no spoiler that Emperor Palpatine returns in this movie. His voice can be heard in every trailer and he's on the teaser poster. You're supposed to know this going in. Palpatine's return is handled horribly. He's supposed to be the main villain even though he's been completely absent from the last two movies. It's completely anti-climactic. None of the characters know who he is or have any real connection with him. We're supposed to accept that he's somehow still alive even though we saw him die! He fell down a pit and EXPLODED!!! It's not like bringing back Maul or Boba Fett. They literally tell you he came back to life in the opening crawl and then go on to hand-wave it away with a prequel meme. That's it. I'm not kidding. It's embarrassing how poorly-written he is. They never explain where he's been all this time, what he's been up to, why he's been doing it, how he's been doing it, why he's waited so long, or how he was resurrected. Did someone fish his body out of the Death Star? Is he some kind of clone, like in the old Dark Empire comics? Is he a ghost? I have no idea, and I bet the filmmakers don't either. It's insulting. The third issue I have with this film is the lack of continuity with the other movies, The Last Jedi especially. A lot of that movie is either ignored or undone by this movie. Rose is replaced with a giant slug monster and relegated to a background role, they bring in an Emperor figure when the last movie made a point to get rid of that and have Kylo Ren be the main villain, and let's just say that Rey isn't exactly a nobody. Could you imagine if Richard Marquand got rid of Lando and made Luke not actually Vader's son in Return of the Jedi? It's so frustrating. JJ Abrams sacrificed a flowing narrative for this trilogy for his own original vision. It's selfish and it's childish. Again, this may be a positive if you hated The Last Jedi. I really like The Last Jedi, so this really bothered me. It's clear that there was no plan for this trilogy from the beginning and the filmmakers didn't have enough communication with one another. It's not only TLJ that this movie retcons. Bringing Palpatine back really diminishes Anakin's sacrifice at the end of Return of the Jedi and kind of rewrites the entire Star Wars mythos. He was the chosen one, prophesied to destroy the Sith and bring balance to the Force. He did that by killing Palpatine in Return of the Jedi. Only he didn't, Palpatine survived. I had the same issue with the old Expanded Universe. I thought the reason they got rid of the EU was so that they could improve on the post-Jedi storyline, not repeat the same mistakes it made, only somehow worse. Who's the chosen one now? What's the point of the prophecy? What did Anakin die for? I have no idea! This movie also contradicts some of the newer books and comics. Again, I thought the point of getting rid of the EU was to create a more cohesive universe with the films and the non-film material. If the movies are still going to ignore or contradict the books and comics, why did they find it necessary to discontinue the old books and comics from coming out at all? They could have two timelines going on at the same time, I don't think it would be confusing! Anyway, I'm getting very nerdy and off-topic. From how much I'm trashing this movie, you might think that I hate it. I don't. I still had fun watching it and there was quite a bit that I enjoyed. Rey and Kylo Ren are still great, the effects are excellent as always (The integration of the Carrie Fisher footage is pretty seamless.), the action is thrilling, there's good comedy, the acting is good and there are many surprises that got me genuinely excited. I also liked how it didn't retcon the Luke storyline from TLJ, they just made it more clear for those in the audience who didn't fully understand the point of it in the last movie. This movie also explains why Hyperspace ramming isn't a common tactic in warfare in the Star Wars universe, after it was shown to be so deadly in The Last Jedi. Overall, this movie is an absolute mess and a major disappointment, but it makes for a fun time out at the movies. Just don't think too hard about how it connects with the other Star Wars movies and you'll be fine. I can see why people like it, it's just not for me.
221	adjudicated	3	One of the first movies I remember seeing in the theater as a child was Return of the Jedi. I can still remember the loud applause of the crowd at the powerful scene where Darth Vader saves his son and throws the Emperor to his death. My dad stood up and cheered as did many others in the audience. As I got older and watched that entire trilogy (and later on, as a young adult, watching the prequels) I realized the overall theme of that franchise and the importance of that moment: A person's fall from grace because of the seduction of evil and their redemption through the light. It made the moment of Vader's/ Anakin's redemption at the end of ROTJ that much more powerful; the emperor was destroyed and Anakin fufilled his destiny as the chosen one.
222	adjudicated	3	Positives: 
223	adjudicated	3	Rian Johnson didn't leave J.J. Abrams much to work with, that much is true. All the things Abrams had tried to set up in The Force Awakens, Johnson simply tossed over his shoulder like Luke with his lightsaber.
224	adjudicated	3	So glad I didn't pay to see this. This was the dictionary definition of mediocre effort. When a Star Wars show on your streaming network kicks the pants off your blockbuster movie, there is a problem. Too much time was spent on copying the original trilogy instead of making something original. This just isn't a movie worthy of being in the theaters. I was just bored. There were no surprises.
225	adjudicated	1	So... here's the summary: Palpatine is back, somehow, with a fleet of planet killing Stardestroyers, as if we weren't tired of those already. He decides to have them in the First Order so he can take over the Galaxy again.
226	adjudicated	3	Star Wars Episode 9 The Rise Of Skywalker. This one actually really good much better than The Last Jedi I Really Enjoyed The Final Battle At The End.
227	adjudicated	3	Star wars was always about the acting the story the drama and then a little bit of dance with lightsabers. But no Disney had to buy lucasfilms and ruin it all with its lethargic irritating Easter egg hunt out of nowhere!
228	adjudicated	3	The Disney trilogy for star wars is just sooo horribly wrong and trash in every way, I've watched them multiple times trying to convince myself to enjoy them due to enjoying the history of them so much... Which is more then likely the only reason these did good at the box office, same audience going back to rewatch it multiple times trying to convince themselves the trash is good, but no matter how hard you try, it isn't... in a day with the team I could give them something that would make fans go wild, even now, I could come up with something to fix it.. but I'll just complain as I'm not in a position to make a difference unfortunately.
229	adjudicated	2	The Empire is in chaos. There is a pretender on the throne. A new rebellion is banished to the Outer Rim. The Empire is re-establishing control with yet another Order. At least, it's not another Death Star. It's Disney Plus spaceships with guns. The Mouse Empire muddles on. The new trilogy is simply not planned out. That is its major flaw above all else. This final chapter tries to take back a few story elements and wrap up the story with a bow. It is not to be dissected for plot holes or logic flaws. It rushes to push the franchise across the finish line. It works to some extend and it doesn't cause any more major troubles. Most fans would probably be satisfied with reaching the finish line and not having any more movies for awhile.
230	adjudicated	3	The final piece in a trainwreck of a trilogy, doomed to fail by corporate greed rushing these films out with no planned story at all, and it shows. This film feels like it's missing JJ Abrams' 8th film. The villain is rushed, elements of TLJ are either swept under the rug or very quickly resolved. I'm not saying that TLJ was without flaws, because it's got pleeeenty of those. That being said, at least it had a direction. Had this film embraced that direction, I think we could've had a 6 or a 7 out of 10 rather than a 3. Everything is confused, and rushed, and the fact that the story is so awful means I can't appreciate really cool things like Adam Driver's acting, the VFX, cool new mechanics like the force co-op play between the two.
231	adjudicated	3	They have horses (yup horses) on the outside of a starship galloping while the star destroyer is in motion and beating the weaponry of the empire in terms of speed*!
232	adjudicated	3	They ruined it, don't watch it. This trilogy is nothing but a unplanned cash grab that is a slap in the face to fans.
233	adjudicated	3	This film made me feel nauseous, when I left the cinema when it first came out I was in shock and disbelief at what I had watched. I have made so many rants about this film already so i'm not going to bother wasting my time with JJ Abrams again but all i'm gonna say is damn you commercial hack?
234	adjudicated	3	This is the most incredible piece of woke trash ever to disgrace the screen. As a story finale it has the almost unbelievable effect of destroying the ratings on all of the previous Star Wars movies. No matter which one I might choose to watch again I'll be haunted by the knowledge that this piece of garbage is where the story is heading.
235	adjudicated	2	This is the way the series ends, not with a bang but a whimper. Apologies to TS Eliot (The Hollow Men). What a big let down. Overly noisy cgi, a confused plot, weak characters, and cameos from everyone but Jar Jar Binks. Looking back, they never should have done anything after the first one, maybe the first three.
236	adjudicated	3	This isn't the worst movie I have ever seen but it is a muddled bag of confusion and so the 5 star rating. JJ should never have been given this movie in my opinion considering the copy cat antics of The Force Awakens which may as well have been an updated version of A New Hope. The same can be said for this movie in parts. Even the Actors seem to be confused in this movie as the acting looks forced As can be seen in their facial expressions. To be fair I know Rian Johnston got slated for The Last Jedi but his vision was above par and the acting was a lot more solid in that movie, in fact I would rate it much higher than that of JJ's efforts. I just wish Rian had got to finish this Saga as I think his vision would have been better than that of JJ's. To finish this Movie is worth it to go and see, but you probably won't want to see it a second time which in my opinion doesn't make for a great movie. As for JJ, I think he has fallen and lost his way because what should have great turned into a confused average movie.
237	adjudicated	3	This movie introduced an absurd amount of inconsistencies, to the point where either they purposely reversed the whole point of the first 6 films to slap Lucas and his fans in the face, or they never watched any of the previous films at all. First I'll talk about what I liked.
238	adjudicated	3	This new Star Wars trilogy is a tragedy, and the plot makes no sense in TROS, it just wasn't built up at all from the previous movies and is completely disconnected. And this new trilogy (specially TLJ and TROS) totally nullify everything story wise before it. To put it short Space Balls had more respect for Star Wars than Disney, and JJ makes Michael Bay look like Steven Spielberg. So as a long time Star Wars fan i will just pretend the new trilogy never existed and stick with the first 1-6 movies and Rouge One.
239	adjudicated	1	To start this off I want to clarify that I don't hold any of the Marvel movies in an extremely high regard but they are at least coherent and also produced in the same house or umbrella of Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. Disney has been successfully replicating and recycling their formula and intellectual properties for maximum market appeal and audience comfort. Yet somehow, after setting off to a promising start, Disney Star Wars continuously managed to fall flat on it's face. And I believe this happen for a very simple reason. Terrible writing. Disney Star Wars has yet to hire an incompetent director but when it comes to the planing and writing they are leagues behind Disney Marvel. (Isn't this just the worst sentence ever?) What bugs me the most is that basically every department but production did an outstanding job. Yes, even the writers. I'm specifically referring to whatever creative genius though it would be a great idea to combine six different scripts into one nonsense show of epic proportions. They actually utter the words: "Somehow Palpatine returned." That's the sound of the screenwriter giving up. As inexplicably as he comes back though, he dies, again, equally inexplicably. And if you think you have an answer for how or why events took place the way they did without saying "The Force done did it." I'll become your very own personal slave. This movie doesn't have plot-holes it has plot-craters. I'm sure all this made sense at some point until they microwaved it, froze it, microwaved it again, toasted it and garnished it with weapons grade uranium. That's what people like right? I'm not saying you actually couldn't enjoy yourself, after all maybe you really don't care about anything making any sense at all. Maybe you're just here for the spectacle. In that way you could almost call this movie fine, if pretty bloated. But I'm not trying to spoil your fun. I'm just one of those annoying snobs that holds the art-form of film-making in high regard. Anyways, worst Star Wars film with the obvious exception being the Holiday Special. Let's just keep talking though.. since I have barely touched on the Disney Marvel comparison yet, let's give that a go. Marvel has characters with character. Not all of them, for sure, and mostly it's pretty shallow, but it's absolutely there. Disney Star Wars doesn't have that. They have place holders. People who eventually will do something once the writers figure out who they are. With Fin probably being the least consistent. So essentially we get the copies of the old cast in feel and look and the literal old cast on top. Nobody is allowed any agency or character traits that weren't previously popular unless they are contemporarily popular. Which serves a single function: Making the moneys. Marvel is making quite a lot more money though, which brings me back to the How?-Factor. How could they mess up so bad? Aren't there already a mass of popular Star Wars books and comics and what not. Is it really important to the Star Wars experience to see the old cast again? Actually no.. Even though the George Lucas Star Wars prequels are dreadful, they went with a completely different story approach and still made a ton of cash especially in the merchandise department. What this shows is that there is no need to weasel people in with the sweet taste of nostalgia. Returning to the Star Wars universe is enough as long as you're actually telling an interesting cohesive story. The Last Jedi had the most meat on it's bone but I want to believe after getting upset with the producers, Ryan Johnson just wrote a bunch of twists and turns specifically designed to render his own movie and the Star Wars - Recycling Project as a whole null and void. Seriously the last 20 minutes of that movie basically make fun of the previous two hours. If this actually was a giant troll-move it makes perfect sense. The rest of Disney Star Wars is not even worth mentioning as all other entries are painfully mediocre. Just 90 - 120 minutes of nothing much. Most notably the Rise of Skywalker has solidified this latest trilogy as subjectively worse than the prequels. Those may be technically inferior in almost every aspect but they had a far more reaching and superior cultural impact. Finally, the Rise of Skywalker almost classifies as a "So bad it's good"-Movie if it wasn't far all the wasted potential on display.
240	adjudicated	3	Trying to put aside all the emotions and feelings that are soaring through me after last nights premiere of the Rise of Skywalker (RoS) I will only refer to my last two reviews of the sequel trilogy (The Force Awakens 9/10; The Last Jedi 10/10) which show a clear fondness for the sequel trilogy. This final instalment was supposed to wrap up the new trilogy and be a definite conclusion of the entire saga (not an easy task), and it failed in every single aspect. Not only is this a bad Star Wars movie, it is simply a bad movie.
241	adjudicated	3	Unfortunately, this movie somehow reflects the way society's been going on for the last 15-20 years - the ever growing trivilialization, consumerism and regurgitation of works of genius from past generations who paid blood, sweat and tears for their works to be seen, heard and fealt - all of this now to get a quick buck at the local mall. Shameful...shameful...
242	adjudicated	3	Well if a movie is shot on a budget of nearly $300 million and generates over $ 1 billion in ticket sales that overrules any argument we as disappointed fans may have over the creativity, timing and durability of the movie itself. At the center of it all it's just a business, money talks all else takes the walk. As a disappointed fan that's all I have to say.
243	adjudicated	1	Well, it's all done now. Skywalker. Vader. Palpatine. Except you know it really isn't. Since Star Wars is now a franchise and a brand and a 11 movie mega-mess, you know it'll never end. As entertainment, this was an engaging movie. It wraps up the threads started in the last two movies, yet it probably won't stay with you. Nothing here is new or super creative, although they'll keep your brain busy for 2 and a half hours. Many plot points feel hornshoed in, or attempts to retcon previous movies to explain what happens in this one (ie. Palpatine). Yet, if you're like me, you stopped caring about all the explanations and reasons a long time ago. Starting with The Force Awakens it was pretty clearly established that any logic you may think you know about the Star Wars universe isn't going to be used. And that even simple movie techniques (like C3P0 losing his memory) aren't going be permanant or meaningful. And that's the problem with this film and all the new trilogy films - it doesn't really matter what happens or what the characters do. They aren't going to act logically and choices won't bare any consequences. The story is going to plod along whether it contradicts anything that came before so it can reach its targeted goal. The good guys won't die, the bad guys will, lots of flash action scenes will fill every possible moment - it's all a product catered to a group of fans who want more of what they love. The problem is, by adding more to a series that was truly innovative and great, it reduces what the original was. Star Wars was once a movie series that changed the lives of many people and changed the way SciFi was done. Now Star Wars is a franchise on the level of never ending horror flicks like Elmstreet or Halloween. Each additional story doesn't add anything to the original experience (the prequel trilogy did that at the very least). The stories are instead rehashing everything that's come before to deliver an "experience." They are completely unnecessary experiences, however (ie. If you didn't watch them, nothing will change in the other films). I'm pretty sure that Lucas didn't intend Palpatine to come back (which does kind of negate the point of the original trilogy, if all they fought for didn't really defeat him). And it's obvious that the motivation for telling these stories isn't "Hey, I've got a great story for you," (which is the basis of any good movie, book, comic, etc) but instead, "let's keep this going (so I can make money off the huge audience out there)." I suppose it's nice for the kids, who are the true audience, to have never ending fodder for their imaginations to feed on (because that's what the original trilogy was for us old folks). Still, I wish this new trilogy didn't exist so Star Wars could be what it is was - a (finite) story that inspires your imagination.
244	adjudicated	3	What's so exhausting is the fact that this is a sequence of noisy scenes edited together without proper rhythm or room for true feelings. It's a constant overkill of special effects, chases, contrived over-dramatic dialog, explosions, all without ever taking any risk. You know from minute one that no lead will die or get hurt, and only puppets/living props will.
245	adjudicated	3	When I saw the very first Star Wars movie at the Theatre decades ago I got pretty much everyone I knew and his dog to go and watch it.
246	adjudicated	3	When someone has all they want as in power, fame and wealth there is nothing new left to live for, purchase or experience except repeating what does not work or satisfy. Why? Its the closest that person can get to a life. Merely existing in name only does not satisfy. Star Wars and the force did what it was supposed to do at its birth. Today, we are witnessing its death. Bloated, over or under-paid indifferent various persons either relatives, snake-charmers or wolfs in sheep's clothing are in charge of the story-telling which in this movie they can't wait for the story to end before it has even begun. Whatever happened to talent? Devotion? Skills? How about dreams & visions? All replaced by Disney! I am amazed how you can mess up a good thing not once or twice but three times? I am a Star Wars fan, a lover of Disney and a supporter of good storytelling. What a let-down and I knew this from the first Disney film, confirmed in the second one and from what I read and heard won't even waste my time in going to see this. How sad. I want to spend my money and this film and the series under Disney is telling me DON'T! Here is the scary part. If they make back their money it may send a signal to keep repeating what fans don't like but what makes money instead. But it won't last and it may even undo all the good as well. Remember: You go to the movies and then you realize it wasn't worth it. That's why they will make their money back but not for the love of the series. Bring in a whole new team, leave them alone and let them tell stories about a Galaxy and time far away...if you can. We need love not $$$
247	adjudicated	1	Without a doubt The Rise Of Skywalker is the worst Star Wars movie cause while The Last Jedi killed Star Wars TROS spit on its grave. Bringing back Palpatine only solidified that Disney and JJ Abrams had no plan. It showed no respect of Anakin's redemption at the end of Return of the Jedi by having Rey to destroy Palpatine. The whole plot was stupid in trying to locate Palpatine. It was obvious that Kathleen Kennedy used Luke, Leia and Han only to make it hard to retcon the Sequel Trilogy. Poe and Finn was made to be used as pawns to make Rey a Mary Sue.
248	adjudicated	3	Wow.
249	adjudicated	3	You should probably disregard any review that gives this a 1/10 or a 10/10. It is not a terrible movie, nor is it legendary. For the average movie-goer I suspect it will fall somewhere between 6/10-8/10. Highly enjoyable in terms of visuals and plot twists, but not enough to stick around with you for years to come like the original trilogy.
250	adjudicated	2	'Batman Begins' started on the right foot and started the best superhero trilogy of all time. In this film, the protagonist character is so well represented, that the whole environment around him seems to reinforce his characteristics. Gotham City has never been so well represented, and the scenarios that gave life to the city made it seem that it was always night and that perfectly portray the darkness experienced by the bat man. To complete such harmony, the plot created in the viewer a sense of reality so well thought out that darkness seemed to be everywhere, except in the moments of light from Bruce's past in the dear Wayne mansion, or when it involved him with other dear characters, like Rachel and her butler Alfred. And, magnificently, the villains Falcone, Scarecrow and Ra's Al Ghul only magnify the story further by gradually causing terror in Gotham, spreading crime until it reaches the main point that gives life to the bat man, protecting the city from its own destruction, and justly the one who contributed most to bringing Batman to life became the one who most needed to get him out of the way simply because of a divergence of opinions that define a hero of the villain, although still within the line of justice. It is an intelligent morality and better preached than in any other superhero film, and that define hero as such, but that still makes you understand and admire the lines of reasoning of all the characters, including the villains. If you have never been satisfied with superhero stories so far and consider them silly, watch this movie and you will never have the same opinion again, and you will see that reality is much more like comic fiction than you think.
251	adjudicated	3	"Batman Begins" is an absolute triumph!! Christopher Nolan has done what Tim Burton and Joel Schlockmacher could not. Give us a caped crusader with a totally believable human side to him. Where the earlier films seemed to be mainly about casting gimmicks, "Batman Begins" is purely about the story. And what a terrific story.
252	adjudicated	3	"Batman Begins" is certainly the best among the five movies of this great hero released in the theaters. After 1776 reviews in IMDb, I do not know what I can write that have not been written before. In my opinion, this film begins wonderful with the director, Christopher Nolan, of the fantastic "Memento", one of my favorite movies. The cast is a constellation, composed of excellent actors and actress: Christian Bale is awesome in the role of the troubled and confused Bruce Wayne; Michael Caine, as Alfred, elegant, gentle and tough, is also perfect; Cillian Murphy, Liam Neeson, Tom Wilkinson, Hutger Hauer are very evil bad guys; Katie Holmes, Gary Oldman and Morgan Freeman complete this lovely cast. The special effects are very good, and the cinematography recalls "Blade Runner", with rainy and dark locations. The story explains the origins of Batman since his childhood in Gotham City. The soundtrack fits perfectly to the scenes. It is amazing to see that there are bad reviews of this movie, which is a very above average entertainment. My vote is nine.
253	adjudicated	3	A lot could have gotten wrong when making another adaptation of the "Batman" story. Considering all the 90s movies with Val Kilmer and George Clooney everything was already said and done. But director Christopher Nolan took a bold brush and showed us darker shades of grey with a compelling visual experience, fine acting and a dark twist of the Batman origin.
254	adjudicated	3	A nice effort, I suppose, but a failure nonetheless. I actually prefer the first three installments of the 1980s & 1990s Batman franchise, though none of them are great movies, either. Tim Burton  and even Joel Schumacher  brought at least some vision into their Batman worlds. Nolan attempts to do this realistically  that was the original idea, anyway  but he is bogged down by screen writing and action movie clichés. There weren't half as many explosions in all four of the 90s Batman films combined. Batman Begins does little to deepen the story, as some critics have claimed. The backstory was told perfectly, and with great economy, in 1989's Batman. There was no emotion lost. Nolan takes nearly an hour to tell it, and he doesn't make it any more interesting. They didn't find a better actor to play Batman. Christian Bale is as dull as Keaton, Kilmer, and Clooney. The villains are uninteresting. Ra's Al Ghul (which is mispronounced throughout the film) has always been my least favorite of the Batman villains. Dr. Jonathan Crane, aka "the Scarecrow" is wonderfully played by Cillian Murphy when he's out of his mask, but he is supremely uninteresting when he's in it (doesn't help that Nolan resorts to stupid distorted images and noise pollution whenever he puts the mask on). Katie Holmes is a wonderful actress in small projects, but, like Natalie Portman, she doesn't translate well to blockbusters. Plus, Tom Cruise just ruined her for me. Gary Oldman and Tom Wilkinson are horribly miscast (Wilkinson as a mob boss?). They actually might have just switched roles and it would have been better. The only things the film gets excessively right are Alfred and Lucius Fox, played by Michael Caine and Morgan Freeman. But, really, while these two consummate actors bring an air of class to this kiddy pool, they out-act both the hero and the villains to such an extent that it warps the movie. I really should not desire more scenes with the butler. I should add Liam Neeson to that, as well. He's very good, and perfectly cast. Batman Begins is often a good actioner, but it should have been much better.
255	adjudicated	3	After Batman and Robin, another Batman movie titled Batman Triumphant was scheduled to be released in 1999 and to be directed by Joel Schumacher with George Clooney, Chris O'Donnell and Alicia Silverstone set to reprise their roles, but was cancelled following the critical failure and box office disappointment of Batman and Robin and numerous of unsuccessful projects to resurrect Batman on screen, but all of that changed with the success of comic book movies like Daredevil, Spider-Man and X-Men, and Warner Bros. Pictures decided to reboot the Batman franchise with the 2005 film directed by Christopher Nolan and the first part of his epic DARK KNIGHT TRILOGY, Batman Begins.
256	adjudicated	3	After the bitter disappointment (understatement, I know) of Batman and Robin, something special was needed to prove that Batman could still be a viable movie series. This is the film that not only proves it, but puts would be pretenders such as Spiderman and X-Men in the shade with a superb piece of film-making that puts script and characters above action sequences (although there are plenty of those too). What is so satisfying about the movie is that while Christopher Nolan is undoubtedly putting his own statement on the character, he has also reverted more to the style of the first Batman movie of 1989, by making the universe are characters inhabit a plausible and real one, even in the presence of bat-caves, gadgets and over the top villains. The city of Gotham doesn't look like the neon lit cartoon world of the Joel Schumacher years, instead looking like a real world, one that could exist. It is these types of choices that make the film a joy.
257	adjudicated	3	After the catastrophic Batman and Robin, it was able to revive the Batman movie franchise.
258	adjudicated	3	As every review of "Batman Begins" mentions, the Batman franchise self-destructed eight years previous when Joel Schumacher's "Batman and Robin" turned out to be an unmitigated disaster. The campy elements of the franchise had overrun Schumacher's two films, and now the studio turns to virtuoso indie director Christopher Nolan and "Blade" screenwriter David Goyer to revive their classic superhero. Marvel Comics heroes have been ruling the screen for the last several years, and now it's only fitting that DC get in on the act. Christian Bale picks up the role previously essayed by Adam West, Michael Keaton, Val Kilmer, and George Clooney, playing a younger and much more dramatic Bruce Wayne/Batman than any of the other actors had (although Adam West's series retains its campy nostalgia value). As is fashionable these days, a young rising star is surrounded by a phalanx of veterans performers: Michael Caine, Morgan Freeman, Liam Neeson, Ken Watanabe, and Tom Wilkinson have between them three Oscars and a further ten Oscar nominations. Add to that Rutger Hauer, Cillian Murphy, and Katie Holmes, who does surprisingly well with her role, and you have perhaps the best cast assembled for any film this year. Gotham City is no longer the twisted, stylized metropolis of past Batman films, but a relatively normal city, which adds to "Begins"'s authentic feel, much like Bryan Singer's "X-Men" movies. My one complaint has to do with the way Nolan chooses to shoot the hand-to-hand fights, which is in extreme closeups and rapid editing that makes it difficult to understand what is happening. The fights could have benefited from a more remote vantage point and less frenetic editing. Regardless, this adventure gets a 10/10.
259	adjudicated	3	As the title hints, "Batman Begins" is not a sequel to the three (the latest previous attempt doesn't count) recent installments featuring the Caped Crusader, but rather a new dawn that unabashedly ignores any established precedents. The end result is as intended, breathing brilliant new life into a series that had unfortunately become a laughingstock.
260	adjudicated	3	At first, when i heard that there is going to be a new Batman film, i thought it would just be another cheap attempt to make some $$$. And so the days past, and i started to be more interested in the story(especially with Chris Nolan as the director). One by one, great actors started to sign on for the film(Christian Bale, Liam Neeson, Micheal Cane, Gary Oldmen, Morgan Freeman) and i was all over it. My friends thought it would be really bad and even the great cast and promising trailer didn't really interest them. And then finally i saw the film..... and i was amazed! Chris Nolan has created something other than the Tim Burton Batman we saw in the 80's(and i'm not even going to mention Schumacher's "2 flops in a row" Batman). He has made Batman the way he is, dark, anti-social and filled with revenge. Batman Forever and Batman & Robin were flops because the films were too much concentrated on the villains. Batman Begins, however, was centered on Bruce Wayne becoming Batman and defeating his fears. This film is truly the best Batman film ever made, and possibly the best film of this year.
261	adjudicated	3	Batman Begins is a fresh and exciting take on the classic superhero character. The film takes a more grounded and realistic approach to the Batman, exploring his origins and the events that shaped him into Nolan & Bale's incarnation of the Dark Knight. The film features a strong supporting cast, including Liam Neeson as Ra's Al Ghul and Cillian Murphy as the Scarecrow, and a compelling story that will keep you engaged from start to finish. The film's darker, more serious tone really helps to create a sense of urgency and tension, making it a truly unforgettable experience. Overall, I've rated it a 9/10 for its excellent storytelling, standout performances, and innovative approach to the character.
262	adjudicated	2	Batman Begins is about how Bruce Wayne becomes Batman? and where he got all of his gadget?,who created the gadgets?,Who trains Bruce Wayne to fight?. And all the questions been answers through this film,this been show the dark side of Bruce Wayne that full of anger,revenges and a spoil rich kid.Bruce Wayne lost it way and don't believe in anything all on his mind is to seek a revenge to a man who killed his parents.There a part of him(Bruce Wayne) felt a bit guilty,so he runaway from himself then he met a man named Ducard(liam Nesson).
263	adjudicated	3	Batman Begins is an incredible origin story that's emotional, atmospheric and thrilling. Christian Bale is incredible as Batman/Bruce Wayne and Katie Holmes is great. Michael Caine, Morgan Freeman and Gary Oldman are all perfect. Cillian Murphy and Liam Neeson are excellent villiains. Christopher Nolan's direction is incredible and it's extremely well filmed. It's expertly paced, the visual effects are excellent and the music by Hans Zimmer and James Newton Howard is amazing.
264	adjudicated	3	Batman Begins is just so different, if you are expecting it to be like Burton's you will not only miss this film, but you will miss out.
265	adjudicated	3	Batman Begins was a massive breath of fresh air when it came out in 2005. Coming 8 years after Warner Brothers jumped the bat, as it were, with Joel Schumacher's childish mess, "Batman and Robin", Christopher Nolan's Batman Begins brought a maturity and seriousness to The Caped Crusader that had been absent since Tim Burton left the world of Gotham. While Batman Begins might not boast the visual prowess or rich villains of Burton's two Batman movies, it fleshed out the character of Bruce Wayne in a way no movie has since.
266	adjudicated	2	Batman redone. It gives us a new origin of Batman (Christian Bale) and how he got his powers and such. He still plays playboy Bruce Wayne while fighting evil as Batman. His first two villains are the Scarecrow (Cillain Murphy) who produces intense fear in his victim with a gas and Ra's Al Ghul--who trained Batman and knows ALL his weaknesses.
267	adjudicated	3	Chris Nolan's 2005 Cult Hit 'Batman Begins' is one of my all-time favorite films. A fantastic film in all aspects! Nolan presents Batman like never before, he justifies everything and that too in the most interesting manner. I've seen this flick at least, 5-6 times and I keep loving it more and more and more. A winner all the way! 
268	adjudicated	3	Christopher Nolan (and cast) have pulled off what I hadn't dared to dream - a Batman every bit as good as Burton/Keaton's vision - and eradicated the camp, feverish memories of Clooney, Kilmer and (cough..) O'Donnell.
269	adjudicated	2	Finally, it was the movie which reconciles the real Batman fans with the hero itself. Not a Joker, nor a Cat Woman or a Penguin, or either a Riddler can push him aside this time. As well as all the Two-Faces, Poison Ivys and a Mr Freeze to ice this all over. This is hot ! We explore here the true origins of the Bat Man, alias Bruce Wayne, whom, in fear of bats and to cure his thirst of justice after the murder of his parents, had to be picked up by a Ninja clan after serving some time in an Asian jail. However, those who train him had more than justice in their minds and Bruce must flee in order to serve justice in Gotham City, now rotten with corruption and crime all over. But he must do justice with the help of Wayne Enterprises, the company owned by his late father and that he inherited. He'll soon find out this company is as well mingled in organized crime, and it's with the help of one Luscious Fox, employee of this company, as well as the Wayne's butler Alfred, that he might find what he was looking for, and support from a childhood friend, Rachel, the D.A.'s assistant, who secretly roots for him, and Lieutenant Gordon, only ally of the Police Force who believes he is not another vigilante.
270	adjudicated	2	Finally. FINALLY!!!! I love the Batman cartoons; Justice League, and even Batman Beyond. But I tire of cartoons, and they lack visual impact. I didn't like any of Burton's versions. I never bought Keaton as the dashing billionaire playboy smart enough to pull off a double-life. I liked Val Kilmer, but thought the vehicle itself wasn't good; too campy, too over the top. But this... it simply doesn't get better. Great storyline that defines not only the character of Batman, but also of Alfred (who supports and assists Bruce in these somewhat unusual endeavors), Gordon, Lucius Fox and even the city itself and the Batcave. The history created in this story, and the characters that populate it are 100% credible. It was so real; so believable. Christian Bales was perfect as Bruce Wayne and Batman - not necessarily the most dashing of playboys, but obviously even that played into the aspect of Bruce Wayne trying to define himself and this life. Bruce Wayne was smart -really smart - and thoughtfully developed so that the audience could understand the method behind Batman's madness. Finally, The Dark Knight wasn't just a man with a grudge - or a man on a mission. He was a man with a vision who wanted to not only wanted to avenge his parents, but wanted to make criminals afraid of being criminals. And through it all, his own code defines his actions, and determines which boundaries he will and will not cross.
271	adjudicated	3	First of all, I have to say that I enjoyed the previous Batman series, directed by Tim Burton for several and then by Joel Schumacher. As good as that series was, this start of a new series would fall flat if all it does was copy the last one.
272	adjudicated	2	For those of you who were disappointed with the last few Batman movies, 'Batman Begins' redeems the caped crusader in a big way. 'Batman Begins' takes us on a journey through Bruce Wayne's tragic past again, giving us a real insight into what drives and fuels his quest against suffering and injustice. We discover how the billionaire came to be trained in the martial arts, develop his alter ego, and acquire his technological arsenal. Christian Bale gives us a riveting performance as not only a very dark hero, but also a tortured soul looking for the means to combat the wrongs of society, a society that we see is also responsible for the death of his beloved parents. Another thing we notice from the beginning is this story does not tie into that of the other movies in the series. This is however not a disappointing feature, in fact it seems to breathe new life into this timeless classic. So for all of us who have followed the Dark Knight's journey's, strap yourself in for a wild and inspiring ride.
273	adjudicated	3	Forget all that colorful, candy coated, over-the-top, comic book style trash that poisoned the last two Batman movies. Joel Schumacher should be embarrassed for creating Batman Forever and Batman & Robin which became the ultimate low for the character since his creation in 1939. This new film thankfully has nothing in common with those embarrassments. Batman Begins is a prequel to everything we have seen before. It takes us back to young Bruce Wayne as a boy. The film has a very dark, gritty feel to it. In fact, I found it hearkening back to Tim Burton's unique style found in the original Batman movie with The Joker and Batman Returns with The Penguin and Catwoman. If you liked those then you will love this new one. I think it is even better.
274	adjudicated	3	How quickly in Hollywood has the term 'reimagined' become a cliché? With a heavy does of jade in my mind, I went to a preview screening of Batman Begins. When I left, I realized I had left that jade back in the theatre. Did I go back for it? 
275	adjudicated	3	I also had reservations for it since i wasn't really a fan of batman to begin with and all of this franchise business is going from bad to worse with the exception of star war III. Comparing it to Superman Returns i must admit that Batman Begins is way better! The atmosphere really surrounds you, when it's emotional you are emotional and when it's active you are active. Encircled in this atmosphere you feel part of the movie and for two hours you leave your current life and become the Batman!! Also you learn about the history of Batman as the movie suggests Batman begins. Only one thing i would like to see is a bit more detail on how the suit is made and selected however i take into consideration that they would either have to make it two movie to contain all the details or one long one with data missing... they opt the latter.
276	adjudicated	3	I don't worry and obsess too much about 'superhero' flicks. I just expect them to suck and take what enjoyment I can from them. So the relatively high quality and watch-ability of "Spider-Man" and "X-Men" was a great surprise to me, since I had fully expected them both to be lame, camp, and stupid. But instead, both flicks were well made films with warmth, dignity and humor, as well as being pleasant tributes to the memories of decades of entertaining stories and the comic book creators who made them.
277	adjudicated	3	I feel like I'm always one of those people who rolls their eyes when someone says "Christopher Nolan is such a great filmmaker". Sometimes I feel like I'm being a bit mean. Nolan is an acclaimed director because of his vision for big blockbusters that are shot and film and rely on the spectacle of real sets and performances. Nolan exceeds well at what he tries to do, and its a sort of achievement that no director has accomplished. Personally, I don't love his style - it relies more on impressive setpieces then the language of film. But it mostly works. Yet I find this movies to be exactly what Christopher Nolan should not be directing - a fantasy. Because of his vision, and the conflicting interests with this story, I find Batman Begins to be an overlong, drab and rather than unengaging affair.
278	adjudicated	3	I got a chance to see 'Batman Begins' just this past Friday evening. I must say that before seeing the film, I felt in my heart this is the 'Batman' film we've been waiting for. Within ten minutes into the movie, I turned to my date and said to her, "This is it! This is the movie!" I just can't believe that after all these years, Warner Bros. finally got it right. For me the most intriguing part of the film, apart from the great script, and great acting, was Christopher Nolan's decision to base the film in reality. Deciding that Batman could really exist in our universe and our world was a stroke of genius. Another aspect of the film that's so refreshing is that instead of the focus being on the villain, Batman is the film's star. And rightly so. It's amazing what can happen when a studio leaves a respected director, and the creative team alone, and allow them to make the best movie possible. The only two negatives that I can think of is Katie Holmes and the fight sequences. Holmes does indeed look like a teenager playing grown-up. Her performance isn't bad per SE, it's just that you really don't buy her as an Assistant D.A. As for the fight sequences, I felt the cameras angles were too tight on the action, edited too quickly, and lit too dark so that you really couldn't tell what was going on and determine who was hitting who. Maybe we can attribute this to the fact that Nolan is not an action director. Hopefully the next film will open up the fight sequences so we can actually see Batman use the martial arts skills he developed during his exile. But apart from those relatively minor quibbles, the film is excellent, and I'm definitely going back on opening day June 15th, and seeing it a second time. A third and fourth viewing is definitely not out of the question.
279	adjudicated	3	I hated "Daredevil". I didn't like either "Spider-Man". The "X-Men" movies were mediocre. I can't say that I remember the "Superman" movies fondly. The 1989 "Batman" was dull. I hated all the "Batman" sequels. "Catwoman" was abysmal.
280	adjudicated	3	I knew from the beginning of production of this film that the Batman franchise and legacy was in good hands. Although the choice of Christopher Nolan as the director is an unconventional one...I knew he could make crap into gold with his talents. The cast is unbelievable, the special effects are dazzling enough that they don't steal from the story like in previous superhero films. Also unlike previous superhero films(namely the other Batman films) they don't hand the movie over to a mega-star actor as an over-the-top villain. They rather give talented actors enough screen time to get their character across.
281	adjudicated	3	I liked the world Tim Burton created for his Batman movies pretty well. Let's face it, for a real fan of the books, the TV series and one movie were a real disaster. Burton, at least, wasn't making a camp spoof. I was less impressed with the Joel Schumacher take on the Caped Crusader, however and really didn't think the franchise was going in the right direction. They really hadn't found the right combination of Bruce Wayne and Batman in a single actor, either.
282	adjudicated	3	I was first introduced to "Batman" when I saw the Tim Burton film in 1997. I immediately loved the hero; he became my favorite because Batman, like Indiana Jones, represents the real heroes of today, the ones without superpowers who are just as human as you and I.
283	adjudicated	3	I was lucky enough to have seen the premiere of the movie on Monday evening and I was very impressed. This is easily the best Batman movie I have ever seen. This movie completely disregards the previous 4 Batman movies and begins its own franchise. The scenes are dark and foreboding, as is Batman himself. This film makes the previous 4 Batman films look as campy as the old TV show. There are no wild costumes or over-the-top freak characters. Scarecrow's costume consists of nothing more than a burlap sack yet it is more effective than the ridiculous outfits worn by Mr. Freeze or The Riddler in the last two terrible Batman movies.
284	adjudicated	3	I've just come back from a preview screening of Batman Begins. I went in with low expectations, despite the excellence of Christopher Nolan's previous efforts. Talk about having your expectations confounded! This film grips like wet rope from the start. I won't give away any of the story; suffice to say it mixes and matches its sources freely, tossing in a dash of Frank Miller, a bit of Alan Moore and a pinch of Bob Kane to great effect. 
285	adjudicated	3	I've long found the idea of Batman—a billionaire playboy who dresses as a bat to fight crime—just a little too ridiculous to take seriously (and I guess I'm not alone in that thought, given the cartoonish approach taken with the character in the past); however, after the Clooney-Schwarzeneggar debacle that was Batman and Robin, which took camp to a whole new level, a darker, grittier look and feel was inevitable for any franchise reboot.
286	adjudicated	3	I've seen all of Batman movies and they were OK at best and sometimes awful .. I nearly lost hope of this series but when I heard that Nolan is directing the next Batman .. I braced myself to a very good movie at least and Nolan hasn't let me down .. it is the only Batman movie that you could call a masterpiece even people who liked it less consider it a very good movie and the best batman (so far). This movie is loaded with class A starts (like other batman movies) but they are the best of the best .. Liam Neeson & Michael Caine were very good .. Morgan Freeman wasn't at his best but he was OK at least .. Christian Bale is a unique actor and I think he will show us great performance in other movies to come in the future .. he is the type of actor he will try everything and anything that makes his performance good .. keep in mind his awesome performance in "The Machinist" .. he has a great facial expresses that he uses very good .. Gary Oldman wasn't very good but wasn't bad either .. Cillian Murphy also was very good .. even Katie Holmes was good. The visual effects were convening and were so realistic that sometimes I feel that they didn't use much of computer effects. What can I say about this masterpiece !! in short, Christopher Nolan worked hardly on this movie and he surely has lifted it up to the masterpiece level .. everything sounds prefect in this movie. Do not miss it .. 
287	adjudicated	3	If there's one superhero figure out there who has been tossed around and re-imagined just as much as ever-so bloated Superman it's his fellow DC Comics star Batman. From his original dark conception in the forties on paper, to his campy popularity surge in the sixties with Adam West, the bat-man is a figure that has been a consistently present in American pop culture. As is usually the case with franchises however, such popularity usually gets the better of the product, quality declines and years will go by with little to no interest in what was once in such demand. Such has been the case with Batman, and up until 2005, the superhero had been on the backburner for a good eight years. Enter Batman Begins, Christopher Nolan's much anticipated re-imagining of countless other re-imaginings, and from the opening scene it's evident that Batman may just finally be getting the respect he deserves as a formidable and mature superhero; his audiences have grown older and so has he. By no means is the movie the classic it could have been, but it's a fine effort nevertheless and delivers a compelling and welcome look back at how it all began for the dark knight.
288	adjudicated	3	It's always a challenge to take material from the comic to the screen, and to make it powerful enough, and entertaining enough, without getting overly preachy with the material, getting hyper kinetic with the action, or worst of all losing your audience. The last Batman film, Batman & Robin, committed the later crime, and put a stigma on the franchise for several years. But now there is Christopher Nolan, talented director behind the cult favorite Memento, and the under-rated Insomnia remake of 2002, who has taken the origins of the Dark Knight into a different direction, or at least to a better one. His film, Batman Begins, has the power, has the entertainment, and it doesn't cheat its target audience (the die-hard Batman fans) or the general public. There isn't as much humor as the first film (this film's only tiny liability), but there is that genuine dark sensibility that can take in kids as well as adults. That the story and characters are as important as the action sequences and fights is another bonus.
289	adjudicated	3	It's not a secret: Nolan kicks Shumacher ass and shows him how to make and direct a Batman movie. The reinvented franchise of the best dark superhero of Gotham is simply AMAZING. I enjoy it from the beginning to the end... all cast fits exactly in the characters. The only "BUT" is for Cillian Murphy as Crane. He looks such a baby face, he is too young for play Scarecrow... He's only saved by the mask and the cgi effects for his toxin. By the way, everybody's expecting the new Joker... Replacing Jack Nicholson is a hard challenge. I'd like to see someone younger. How about Johnny Knoxville? Think about it, Mr. Nolan and Mr. Goyer.
290	adjudicated	3	It's not merely the best Batman movie, it's quite possibly the best comic-book movie ever crafted. Seeing it on the big screen last night was a thrill, the kind of thrill provided by the original "Star Wars" or "Raiders." 
291	adjudicated	3	One of my favourite Batman's ever. Played by that funny little welsh bloke
292	adjudicated	3	Over the years the Gotham City that was once a dark place lined with evil and corruption, in desperate need of a hero, deteriorated into a circus tent of Hollywood displays with over-dramatic architecture and special effects... Where criminals dance around in blacklight sensitive face paint and so-called villains compete for best comedic performance. Behind all the bright lights and all-star celebrity casting, we lost grasp of what the saga is really about: Batman.
293	adjudicated	3	Saw a free screening on Tuesday. I must say, I had my expectations low for this one, as the previous Batman franchises was just cartoony, over the top, and flat out mind dumbing. Why do studios continually think that spending money on 'bankable stars' and special effects will make a ton of money on box office receipts? Granted "Batman Begins" has a pretty sizable budget, but they made the right decision with casting actors that can act and hiring a director that shares the same vision of the comic book. You will not see any caricatures of the comic book, but rather be immersed in how Bruce Wayne has that internal conflict of morality as he becomes Batman. Christopher Nolan takes his time developing Bruce Wayne's character in the image that Bob Kane had with his own flair to it. Anyone familiar with Nolan, Christian Bale, and Cillian Murphy's work will not be disappointed with this movie. Make no mistake about it, it is a dark movie, which is what makes it so great. Nolan uses CG effects very sparingly (thank God!).
294	adjudicated	3	So they wanted to reinvent Batman. And they did it with a mentoring sequence, an evil mentor, a psychological problem, a Q from James Bond movies, a sweetheart from the childhood, good cop, bad cop, a scarecrow as an enemy, a drug to make the city in fear. OK. Good work.
295	adjudicated	3	The Batman movie franchises have gone to good (Batman and Batman Returns) to mediocre (Batman Forever)to out right terrible (Do I need to mention it?). Superhero movies have had some hits like Spiderman 1 and 2, X-men 2 to some bad ones like The Hulk, Daredevil, and Catwoman. Batman Begins is finally a superhero movie thats dark, gritty and most importantly a good time. Those who have shunned superhero movies in the past will want to see this one. The characters and the ideas about crime are fascinating.
296	adjudicated	3	The best part of this movie is they finally got the correct casting for Batman this time. They finally chose Christian Bale the man who played "American Psycho" and another Orwell kind of movie, "Equilibrium".
297	adjudicated	3	The fantastic film "Batman Begins" provides a fresh look at the renowned character's past. The acting is superb, with Christian Bale delivering an enthralling and nuanced portrayal as Bruce Wayne/Batman. In this masterfully written story, the psychological makeup of the individuals is extensively and compellingly handled, as are the concepts of dread, justice, and atonement. The action scenes are fast-paced and well-choreographed, and the direction, photography, and special effects are all excellent. Among the notable performances by the supporting cast are Liam Neeson and Gary Oldman. This film seamlessly integrates the other films in the series. Finally, "Batman Begins" is a must-see for fans of the Batman persona as well as everyone searching for an intense and superbly produced cinematic experience.
298	adjudicated	2	There are not too many surprises in BATMAN BEGINS in terms of plot -- after all this time, let's face it: We know how things will turn out for the Caped Crusader. No, the real surprises are in the style of the film, which Christopher Nolan adapts from a whiz-bang comic to a modern era. He takes his time developing the familiar story about how billionaire playboy Bruce Wayne (a ripped Christian Bale; his biceps are the size of cocker spaniels) goes from orphan to avenging angel with the help of a mysterious mentor (Liam Neeson). Batman's skills, we learn, are those of the Ninja, and Gotham City exists in a world of its own, neither present-day New York nor some retro-fitted '30s idealized set. The cast is exceptional, the sound design spectacular (although the editing gets a little frantic and confused). It owes more to Alec Baldwin's THE SHADOW in its mythologizing and mystical treatment of the hero, who here is at the center of the action, not peripheral to the villains. In fact, this is probably the Batman movie Tim Burton wishes he'd made: Brooding, contemplative, paced like a novel. Holy prequels, Batman! (c) AWJ
299	adjudicated	3	This film is by far the best superhero film to date with maybe the exception of V For Vendetta. It is a fantastic reinvention of the genre none the less. Christian Bale is absolutely brilliant in this he owns Batman in this film he shows how Bruce Wayne became Batman and shows the emotions behind his crusade. He makes Bruce Wayne the main character not Batman. This realism is what makes the film so revolutionary it is by far the most realistic superhero film I have ever seen. Batman doesn't defy the laws of physics, Gotham isn't an over blown fantasy it looks as it could really exist in the states and the villains aren't fake people there real criminals. The cast is brilliant and its not dominated by American's with the exception of Holmes and Freeman. The main cast, the major characters are all British/Irish brilliant actors none the less. The writing in this tale is also masterful as it is heavily influenced by Frank Miller and other Batman comics. This is a film you need to see however you can.
300	adjudicated	1	This is the Batman movie I've been waiting for. The popular series has been on hiatus after the terrible 1997's Batman and Robin that nearly ruined the franchise. Well Batman is back and better than ever. In Batman Begins acclaimed writer/director Christopher Nolan explores the mysterious origins of the legendary Dark Knight. With an all star cast including Christian Bale, Michael Caine, Liam Neeson, Katie Holmes, Gary Oldman, Cillian Murphy, Tom Wilkinson, Rutger Hauer, Ken Wanatabe, and Morgan Freeman. You can go wrong with a cast like that. Christian Bale steps into the role of Bruce Wayne and Batman. He's phenomenal in the role playing three very distinct characters in one film pulling it off respectively. He plays the angry grown up Bruce who's full of rage and guilt, the arrogant billionaire playboy persona he shows to the public who spends his days dating beautiful super models and buying things that aren't for sale. Christian also plays Batman and he's the perfect choice to bring this popular character to life in ways that none of the other actors were able to no offense. Bale's fantastic in it and makes us care just as much about Bruce as we do Batman. The voice he came up with is fitting for the character and didn't bother me. Michael Caine is superb as Bruce's most trusted butler Alfred providing comic relief and acts as Bruce's conscious keeping him on the right track. Liam Neeson is solid as the mysterious Ducard who is Bruce's mentor. He offers him guidance and eventually becomes one of the films main villains later on in the movie. Liam is effective as both Bruce's mentor and a formidable foe to Batman. Well done. Katie Holmes is good as Assistant D.A. Rachel Dawes a childhood friend to Bruce and potential love interest. Gary Oldman is excellent as Jim Gordon one of the only honest cops left in Gotham City. Gary is so good you forget that he's acting. He inhabits the role of Gordon and is perfect for it. Cillian Murphy is exceptionally creepy as Dr. Jonathan Crane better known to comic book fans as the twisted Scarecrow. He's a gifted actor and his character does sort of take a back seat to Ra's in the third act but he was still good as the deranged villain. Tom Wilkinson is terrific as the menacing crime boss Carmine Falcone. He's the first villain Bruce faces when he returns to Gotham as Batman and Tom Wilkinson's role in the film may not be large but he proves to be another effective villain (like Neeson, Murphy, and Wanatabe) in the great ensemble cast. Rutger Hauer is solid as the greedy Mr Earle whose trying to take control of Wayne's company in his limited screen time. Ken Wanatabe's impressive as Ra's Al Ghul the cult leader of the League of Shadows. His part is very brief and he doesn't have much dialogue either but he makes the best of the small role of someone you definitely wouldn't want to mess with. Lastly veteran actor Morgan Freeman is fantastic as scientific genius Lucius Fox who works alone in the forgotten Applied Science Divsison located in the basement of Wayne Enterprises where Bruce finds the tools he needs to become Batman. Lucius helps Bruce in his quest of ridding Gotham of crime and corruption. His character may even very well know Bruce is Batman but there's an unspoken understanding and respect between them that grows into an admiring friendship. I quite honestly can't think of one thing about this movie that I didn't like. From director Christopher Nolan daring vision of bringing Batman into a realistic world to the great all star cast who are good in their roles to the exhilarating action sequences that at least felt very realistic and not something that was made up in a computer and of course the re-imagining the Batmobile known as The Tumbler. This Batmobile is truly unlike any other vehicle you've ever seen and they really did build it so the Tumbler can actually do nearly everything it does in the movie. It gets just enough screen time that makes you wanting more of it but in a good way. Also worth mentioning is the music for the movie by Hans Zimmer and James Newton Howard. It matches perfectly with whats happening on the screen and the tone of the film. Batman Begins is a spectacular adventure with plenty of action especially the second half. It's now one of my favorite movies and I can't wait to see what Christopher Nolan has in stored next for the sequel. Nolan has taken this Batman movie and done justice to the character. It has character development, drama, suspense, and humor (from mostly Caine, Freeman, and some from Bale) with just the right amount of action thats well executed including Bruce's fight with Ra's in the Himalayan monastery perched on a mountain, and an intense chase with Batman in the Tumbler on the streets and rooftops of Gotham. The action packed monorail chase sequence finale will have you on the edge of your seat too and if you're not than something's wrong with you. This film had a great balance of character development, action, drama, suspense, and some humor. Nolan is admirable in making this film crafting an intricate story that's a character driven action crime drama that makes you care about Bruce and Batman while he tries to save Gotham from sinister villains instead of just making it into a special effects extravaganza with zero character development, a poorly written plot, and so-so action sequences. Yeah I'm talking about you Spider-man 3 and Transformers 2. Overall I really enjoyed this movie and I recommend it to anyone looking for an entertaining action adventure based on a comic book. Go see it. You won't be disappointed with Batman Begins.
301	adjudicated	3	This is the first Batman film i've ever saw. I heard that it was meant to be good so i took time out to watch it on Sky Movies the other night, i'm glad i did it was amazing!
302	adjudicated	3	This movie was sooo BAD for many reasons. I just got back. My friend Jake said it was the best superhero movie of all time. I beg to DIFFER? 1: The fight scenes SUCK. They all cut way too fast, and too much to know what's going on.
303	adjudicated	3	This was the leading film in the summer of unnecessary and instantly forgettable remakes - Herbie, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, Bewitched, and I'll stop here before I even get to the wretched horror of The Dukes of Hazzard. And Hollywood wonders why ticket sales are low and they can't make as much money? I realize the fans and critics felt this installment took the legend seriously but sorry comic geeks. A man dressed up as a bat is something that could never be taken completely seriously without a touch of camp. That's why Burton nailed the task of dark with just the right amount of campiness. As for this film, it's neither a sequel or a prequel. Good actors with the exemption of casting mistake, Katie Holmes, good director but other than utterly unnecessary retread of the origin story. Batman has already been reinvented twice and now a third. I will give props to Christian Bale but still not up to par with the likes of Michael Keaton. And Jack Nicholson's performance that was fascinating and brilliant at the same time? That's an impossible act to follow. The villain in this film was neither scary or interesting. Boring and instantly forgettable is more like it. It's no wonder moviegoers are left in such a catatonic state from Hollywood's desperate attempts at creativity. How many times can you reinvent the same franchise? A far more interesting installment should've been BATMAN ENDS.
304	adjudicated	3	To put it rather simply, "Batman Begins" is not just the best Batman film, it is the best comic book adaptation film ever made... yes, keeping in mind "Sin City" or "Spider-Man 2". Never before the screenplay was such mature, never before a storyline was such intriguing and never before a superhero film is backed by such a strong cast. But, giving proper respect to all the other departments like screenplay, acting, sound and visual effects, I must say this is Christopher Nolan's film. Hats off to you Mr. Nolan, you had taken a risk by attempting a film on how Bruce Wayne became Batman. It was a daunting task even Tim Burton couldn't try. But you reached a height beyond our expectations. I think even the harshest Wayne fan should be more than happy.
305	adjudicated	2	To start off this review I'd like to go back to the original batman series. Adam West hammed it up in what has to be the campest yet enjoyable version of batman. It was cheesy, it had the POW, WHACK, KABOOM, very very tongue-in-cheek which, brings me to my next point, is what batman eventually became. Batman, featuring Michael Keaton was a good film, keaton was a good batman, he portrayed the dark knight to a whole new army of fans, a darker batman, less camp, plus with a villain such as Jack Nicholson (turning in another great performance) as the Joker it was win win. Where from there? A sequel, Keaton yet again, Batman Returns, not as good as its predecessor but still a thoroughly enjoyable film with the villains being Penguin (Devito) and Catwoman (Pfeiffer) adding something different to the batman series. All is going well, then things start to go sour. Keaton is gone and in comes Kilmer who has to be the most wooden Batman ever, in come the clichés, the tongue in cheek one-liners and so on but Batman still has some credibility until, dare I mention it, Batman & Robin. This ruined the Batman series with Clooney just being the eye-candy for the ladies, the addition of Batgirl (oh dear Lord) and the villains just coming out with the most tongue-in-cheek one liners ever, example Mr Freeze "You're not sending me to the cooler", wrong, oh so wrong. Something had to be done and this was Batman Begins. This film rescues the Batman series single-handedly, it's a shame it didn't start off this way as it might not of died on it's rear. Bale is an inspired choice as Batman bringing a more serious side to Batman, the story is well paced, it's not all talk or just mind-numbing action, it actually keeps you gripped as you want to find more about Bruce Wayne's past. The only reason it misses out on a 10 is the quite pitiful bad guy scarecrow If you've not seen it I don't want to give too much away about the story but throw away all your perceptions about Batman because Batman is back and Batman has truly begun. D-man.
306	adjudicated	2	We had never heard of a reboot before. This movie wasn't even advertised as such nor was there any mention of it. Of course it looked like a prequel: it was called Begins and the bad guy was new and unused. When Joe Chill killed the Wayne's I thought, "This guy is going to be the Joker?" Then he died and I realized that this wasn't connected to the old movies but I had to walk myself through it in the theaters for a second.
307	adjudicated	3	What we see in this movie is the "dark & gritty" (TM) Batman, which was introduced by Frank Miller in 1986 in the comics mini-series Dark Knight Returns, which was an alternate future version of Batman. But Miller also gave the "real" comics Batman the dark & gritty treatment in the seminal Batman: Year One story, which is perhaps the greatest Batman story ever created (also because of the effective artwork of the excellent David Mazzuchelli), and which chronicles, among other things, Bruce Wayne's initial (pre-Batman) martial arts training in a remote mountain region. In the comics, a creative force as strong as Frank Miller was bound to yield massive imitation by less original comics creators - and so the early 1990s saw the Batman character getting consistently and increasingly dark & gritty, to the extent that the entire Batman universe was based on that darkness and grit.
308	adjudicated	2	When fate prevents him from avenging the deaths of his parents, young Bruce Wayne flees to Asia where he seeks counsel from a dangerous ninja cult leader known as Ra's al Ghul.
309	adjudicated	3	Where to begin? Unbelievably ill-conceived. That's it. A film that tries to be everything to all people, and ends up being nothing as a consequence.
310	adjudicated	3	While I enjoy Tim Burton "Batman" immensely, I cannot stand this one. What are the problems with "Batman Begins"? Well, I can name at least three ones. But what three!
311	adjudicated	2	While I wasn't totally blown away by Nolan and Bale's interpretation of how "it all began", I think it has its moments. Despite a busy plot where the League of Shadows adopt a broken Bruce Wayne, needing guidance and a path to a better him, train him in martial arts and how to engage, out- think, and outwit the enemy, and attempt to invest their philosophy on annihilating injustice (through whatever means necessary) among other things (dealing with Rutger Hauer's managing of his company, working in weapons which might not have been Pops Wayne's desired property in the business; trying to recover his shaky relationship with Holmes' assistant DA; building his crime-fighting lair, costume, weapons behind the symbol of the bat, what he fears the most due to being trapped in a well as a child; contending with a mind altering drug being used by Cilian Murphy's crazed attorney (he's the scarecrow villain); trying to recuperate from the loss of his parents and the nature of having to live up to his father's honored reputation; learning how to be the kind of crimefighter his father would be proud of...), I think there are distinctive personalities that work. Michael Caine as Alfred (never giving up on Bruce), the butler who has kept his affairs in order, Hauer as the company's chief operating executive in the company (with an obvious interest in attaining power in the company), Morgan Freeman as an old company employee in charge of a section of the company that dealt in "abandoned weapons designs" (Bruce's go-to guy for kevlar, the elaborately designed batmobile, among other things), and Murphy (the devious, cold- bloodedness is brought out well; that and he plays a prick, douchebag authentically) all bring it even if Katie Holmes (a target of undeserved vitriol) doesn't quite achieve what the part really needed, and Bale, while brooding and providing enough angst and inner anguish, speaks in that dark tone that has been quite the victim of mockery. Liam Neeson, as Bruce's mentor and adversary, is a bit stone-faced and delivers his lines as a man rooted in his philosophy to the point that when he talks about genocide to an entire city it feels like little more than crushing out ants. The action scenes are sparse, but not altogether satisfying to me. They don't have the pizazz I was accustomed to with Burton. The police chasing Batman in the batmobile, and the effects of the toxin on people, to me, are the film's best moments. Gary Oldman plays it straight in a part that he's seldom seen in...a straight-arrow cop totally in favor of justice. He plays the character with valor all the way. This isn't Romeo is Bleeding Oldman, for sure. Tom Wilkinson even shows up as a gangster running the criminal underground, victim of Murphy's toxin when he threatens to expose the plan to poison the city's water supply. A ton of faces, a lot of subplots eventually converging, and Bruce's developing into Batman: there's no way around a lengthy movie. Holmes, if anything, suffers from not having the right chemistry with Bale, but it works both ways. She just lacks this passion and energy the part kind of needs.
312	adjudicated	1	Wow, can you say "boring" any louder? I am a Batman fan, but this movie was just ridiculously boring. i mean seriously, it actually starts out with a little boy stealing a small rock from a little girl, and then he falls down a hole. talk about your exciting film openings. ah well, anyways, years later, he is Bruce Wayne, the only white man in an English-language Chinese prison. Bruce is pretty rich back in America, but he had himself sent to a Chinese prison so that he could train himself to beat people up, because he's peaved about his parents getting shot by a lame mugger. Okay. Then, he meets a guy with some sort of unpronounceable name, and this guy wants Bruce to join his group of evil ninjas. So, Bruce is like, "Evil ninjas? Where do I sign up?" Of course, when the evil ninja training is finished (wich totally sucked) and they want him to kill somebody, Bruce freaks out and burns down the whole place, probably killing quite a few people, very not Batman like since he vowed not to "kill" anyone(though Michael Keaton's wasn't a complete wimp like bale is here). Okay. Then, he goes home to rejoin the business world and fight crime. Luckily, he meets a guy at his father's company, and this guy makes superhero equipment for a living. Talk about your happy coincidences.
313	adjudicated	3	You know the story, you know the outcome, but nothing is lacking here. Thank God, even Rutger Hauer underplays his part - how good is that? The cast is perfection (yes Katie Who? does a fine job) and I won't mind looking forward to the sequel, the remake of the sequel, whatever they will call it. Bring the Joker on. Makes a real case for the fact that the right cast means absolutely everything. This is entertainment and comic book characterization come to life. Christian Bale's Batman makes Ben Affleck's tortured Daredevil character look absolutely ridiculous (sorry, maybe that is really not giving Christian enough praise - he deserves all he gets). Since we are in for a few more years of comic books as movies dominating the scene, I vote for more like this - made for adults, not children, with superb casting, and Hans Zimmer (with the help of Lisa Gerrard, maybe Moby, and the like) scoring the music. I felt that in no way was I cheated here - unlike so many other movies that I see where the corners that are cut are bleeding so profusely that you can't help but notice. See this on the big screen. Worth every moment.
314	adjudicated	3	'Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone' is one of the most entertaining films I know. You can look at it and not worry about anything because you know it will all be alright. Very true to the book it reaches the same level. Daniel Radcliffe is the perfect Harry Potter, Emma Watson a great Hermione and Rupert Grint a very funny Ron Weasly. With the famous story, a great direction from 'Home Alone'-director Chris Columbus, a perfect casting and some nice special effects this is the way a movie like this has to be. Be entertained by the world of the wizards.
315	adjudicated	2	"Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is a wonderful movie. This comes from a Harry Potter illiterate. The story and movie are very reminiscent of the Star Wars mythology. Orphan Harry has special gifts-- an undeveloped and natural power. He like Luke Skywalker is the chosen One. So he must be trained. In Harry's case this takes place at the Hogwart School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Harry is to become a great wizard, like Luke becomes a powerful Jedi. Along the way, we learn that there is a very powerful and seductive "dark side" to Magic. Ultimately the path is a choice or perhaps a sacrifice. Harry feels alone and incomplete-- he yearns for his dead parents. The whole scene with Harry sitting in front of the Mirror of Erised and speaking with Richard Harris as Dumbledore (Hogswart Headmaster) made it for me. Dumbledore says that men have gone mad looking into the Mirror living their dreams, "...forgetting to live." Great stuff. Looks like the other books may be darker as Harry seeks out the man responsible for murdering his parents. Also the message that true magic does not come from books, rather from friendship, bravery, and ultimately love is touching. The movie is a magical journey of a hero, Harry. 
316	adjudicated	3	"Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is as magical a film as a fantasy bedtime story or any fantasy that can pop up in any child's head.I have never read any of the books,so I will not compare those books to this film.The film is very imaginative and the visual effects and art direction are wonderful.This is only a short review and I am hoping to post a longer review.All I can say is that this film was alot of fun to watch.
317	adjudicated	3	"Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is devotedly faithful to the book. 
318	adjudicated	3	"Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" or sometimes also "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone" is the first film from one of the most successful movie franchises in cinema history. The books were written by Joanne K. Rowling and adapted by Steve Kloves (not a name to many), who also directed "The Fabulous Baker Boys" earlier in his career. It is about a small boy with hidden powers, who is not particularly liked by his uncle, aunt and cousin. They took care of him after his parents died when he was a baby. So he gets picked up by an unusually looking, rather gruff magician and taken to Hogwarts. Hogwarts is not a normal school. While the bonding with fellow students, the fraternities and sports activities are there as well, everything is just a little bit more magical and different.
319	adjudicated	3	"What's a Muggle?"
320	adjudicated	3	A legendary beginning to a legendary franchise. The story of the film is great. Each role fits perfectly with the actor. Has great CGI and visuals. Can't stress this enough... go watch it.
321	adjudicated	3	Adaptation of J.K. Rowling's very popular book is as good an adaptation as possible...but it doesn't completely work.
322	adjudicated	3	After watching Crimes of Grindewald which was pretty bad I decided to rewatch all Harry Potter movies. Watching this one again felt like watching it for the first time and nostalgia was present of course. You have to admire young Radcliffe,Watson and Grint because they acted like adults. Great start to amazing franchise.
323	adjudicated	3	And I liked it to(and I'm no child). Harry Potter is such a sweet movie and watching it as an adult, I got that feeling like I have when I've riden "it's a small world" at disneyworld. What a lovely piece of escape from the world!
324	adjudicated	3	As a kid back in 2001 I was a huge fan of Harry Potter I thought it was really good back in the day but as time went by I noticed that the films were getting darker.
325	adjudicated	3	As a young-adult who missed to watch the Harry Potter series when released, I always felt like missing out on something. Trying to meet those experiences at a later age. I know for a fact a 12 year old me, would probably love this movie and would totally be into the whole series. Moreover this movie is still enjoyable, although I have been exposed by many media exposures of most scenes or even whole plots this was still entwrtaining. As I heard before "There is no cast better chosen as in Harry Potter.", I have to agree to that! Although now seen as classic Potter-actors this first part really highlights how much they fit the characters made by Rowling (somehow I only remember reading her first book). I'm looking forward to the rest of the series to enjoy at a later age as my surroundings!
326	adjudicated	3	Awful. The biggest Xmas turkey of all time. The book has taken the world by storm and yet there's not enough in the movie to interest anybody other than die hard fans who feel they can't miss the incarnation of their favourite characters.
327	adjudicated	3	Back when I started reading the Harry Potter books I thought they would just be pulp fiction type, churned out novels with no real substance, but I actually quite enjoyed them, so when the movies came out I was worried.
328	adjudicated	3	Children's fantasies reached high tide in the early '80's, but by 1985's "The Goonies," the run was over.  The genre was exhausted.  Except for the technology, nothing is new.  
329	adjudicated	2	Dropped with his aunt and uncle as a baby, Harry grows up in a loveless home and is made to sleep under the stairs.  On his 11th birthday Harry learns the truth of his past when he is visited by Rubeus Hagrid and invited to attend Hogwart's school for wizards and witches.  Whilst learning his craft Harry and his friends notice some strange things and begin to investigate, leading them deeper into a mystery that involves a dark wizard who killed Harry's parents and a quest for a powerful stone that brings immortality.
330	adjudicated	3	During my childhood, the earlier Harry Potter books got me into the franchise and especially Fantasy Literature in general. They had thought provoking writing, likeable characters, and compelling world building. Then I saw this movie adaptation of The Sorcerer's Stone (The Philosopher's Stone in the UK) back in theaters and loved it. It's not a perfect film I'll admit, but it's a very good start to a successful fantasy movie franchise.
331	adjudicated	3	Everyone knows that technically this movie is top notch. Special effects, acting, directing; the whole package is as good as it gets. The team has accurately brought the best selling children's fantasy book to the screen, delighting children and earning themselves bank-loads of money.
332	adjudicated	2	First episode also known as ¨Harry Potter and the philosopher's stone¨ deal with Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe)and friends fighting dark forces in an amazing adventure . In this early installment of JK Rowling saga, our protagonist is freed by Rubeus from the custody of his selfish uncle (Richard Griffiths) and miserable aunt (Fiona Lewis). Harry goes his destiny at Hogwart's school , there meets our friends Ron(Rupert Grint) ,Hermione(Emma Watson) and his enemies Braco Malfoy(Tom Felton), along the dark forces which threatens Hogwart, and finally Lord Voldemor . Besides the professors as Minerva(Maggie Smith), Severus Snape(Alan Rickman), Dumbledore ( Richard Harris), Madame Hooch (Zoe Wanamaker), Quirinus (Ian Hart)and of course Rubeus(Robbie Coltrane). Here some legendary events take place , including a Quiddich match, and Harry Potter competes in confronting in series of dangerous happenings , challenging monsters as unicorn, centaur and horrible creatures and an ending spooky climatic battle .
333	adjudicated	3	First let me say I have not read any Harry Potter books, and I think that is an advantage to enjoying these Harry Potter films. Second, let me say I am a Christian and a grandfather, and I found the witchcraft not one bit troubling.  It's a movie, after all, and in the end "love" is the main quality Harry Potter is credited with.
334	adjudicated	3	For me, the movies will always be a mixed bag and even the first one has its logistical problems.
335	adjudicated	3	Ghastly contrived nonsense. Despite its content of white versus black magic there is surprisingly little moral sense of good and evil. Has been accompanied by a cynical spawning of poorly designed and expensive plastic rubbish for parents to buy.
336	adjudicated	3	Harry poter and his first adventures in Poudlard. This movie is so great and can please adult and young adolescent. The whole philosophy behind it (love win against power) was so powerful and it clearly feel that the movie and the book is very different than other. I recommend it for sure.
337	adjudicated	3	Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is a film directed by Chris Columbus. For many years, I hadn't given a damn about the Harry Potter series. But seeing the fanfare surrounded by the series, I decided to give it a try. After watching this one, I can definitely say that I am on the verge of being a fan.
338	adjudicated	3	Harry Potter and The Philosopher's Stone was the beginning of cinematic history. At the time of it's release it became the second highest grossing film of all time. It spawned a series of films that have absolutely only gotten better. It launched the career of it's three youngsters who seemed to have been absolutely built for these roles. It brought to the screen an epic fantasy adventure with kids in mind but without holding back a single thing like no other film had ever done. Philosopher's Stone is so important because it gives us the background and beginnings of the famous boy wizard. The film introduces us to characters and locations that fans of the book would be shown like never before. This film captured the book probably better than any other book to film transition in history.
339	adjudicated	3	Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (2001)
340	adjudicated	3	Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is what a book adaptation should be. The only things left out of the movie were very minor. This tells the story of a boy whose parents were killed when he was young and been mistreated by his aunt and uncle. He receives a letter about a school named Hogwarts. There, in his first year with his friends Ron and Hermione, he must stop wrongdoing of a couple teachers. The cast was wonderfully casted. Daniel Radcliffe is fantastic and looks the part of Harry. Everyone else is perfect. As I mentioned above, the adaptation is great. The movie even used the same quotations as the books. The music is memorable. I liked John William's Hedwig Theme. The costumes are good-looking and so is everything else. This movie will leave a magical imprint on your minds and this is only the first film. I rate this magical adventure 10/10.
341	adjudicated	3	Harry Potter is a magical and fun movie.
342	adjudicated	2	Harry Potter is an average bespectacled 11 year old boy who has lived with the Dursley family ever since his parents died in a car crash. For some reason the family has always mistreated him. On his 11th birthday a giant man named Rubeus Hagrid hands him a letter telling him that he has been accepted as a student at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Harry learns that his parents were wizards and were killed by an evil wizard Voldemort, a truth that was hidden from him all these years. He embarks for his new life as a student, gathering two good friends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger along the way. They soon learn that something very valuable is hidden somewhere inside the school and Voldemort is very anxious to lay his hands on it.
343	adjudicated	3	Harry Potter is an Orphan who on his eleventh birthday discovers he's a wizard and is called to term at Hogwarts School. But Harry is soon to find out that his past, and his destiny, is a truly remarkable, magical, and terrifying thing.
344	adjudicated	3	Harry Potter is an orphaned child whom is living an ordinary existence with his aunt and uncle (though they treat him like dirt whilst they allow their spoilt son free reign). However, when several mysterious letter continue to arrive in Harry's name, this eventually leads to a meeting with Hagrid whom informs Harry that he has been selected for a school for magicians known as Hogwarts... Although Harry is initially excited at the prospect of attending such a school he soon learns that there are many dangers and several characters whom he feels he is unable to trust...
345	adjudicated	3	Harry Potter seems to highlight what today's society is missing; the age of magical innocence, the pure abandonment of that essence of childhood. In this day and age of computer games and quick fix takeaway electronic happiness and incessant CGI violence, it's brilliant to see the world excited by story telling and the simple things. It reminds me of years ago as a child reading volumes of Roald Dahl's compositions and hanging out to read the next chapter of 'Danny the Champion of the World'. Harry Potter has engaged the world back into that innocence, even if it is for a two hour movie.
346	adjudicated	3	Harry Potter, arguably one of the most famous book series, didn't take long for to be adapted for the screen. Facing big expectations the first movie did well to hold its own. 
347	adjudicated	3	Having not read the book & expecting a good film.
348	adjudicated	3	I am getting annoyed with all the extreme reviews Too many 10/10s and definitely too many 1/10s. This is a lovely film which all children love. Some of the child actors aren't very good, but they improved as the series of films progressed. The adult actors are terrific. The creme of British actors, perfectly cast and having a great time. The locations and music are very good and the film is well paced.
349	adjudicated	3	I cringe each time I hear the name, or see its going to be on telly etc. I actually get angry. I can not STAND it.
350	adjudicated	3	I don't read Harry Potter and never intend to. I wasn't even going to see the movie but my conniving and manipulative friend tricked me into seeing it (long story; you wouldn't want to hear it). Needless to say, I did not like the movie, although my 11-year-old brother loved it to death.
351	adjudicated	3	I have not and have no intention of reading the books- nothing against them, they just aren't my cup o'tea. I hesitated seeing this film not because of no interest in those books- but because of the director- I have found his films to be trite and cheap and very formula- straight from the Speilberg school of "once I've made my first ba-zillion I can sell out and never have to be creative again". This film has good camera work. It has current state effects. It has a pace akin to running a 24fps film at 1000fps. It's shallow- it asks you to buy into all of it without explanation. There's a fakeness to it leaving me feeling like I had molten Saran-wrap poured over me. I don't care about the characters because they were simply place-holders- no personalities. Harry is so two-dimensional as to make a sheet of paper more intriguing. Perhaps the "genre" just doesn't appeal here. Fans (and most people are either a fan or not- no "in-betweens") ballyhoo this film with that glazed-eye look of cult religionists. Yuck.
352	adjudicated	3	I have not read any Harry Potter books.  Be that as it may, when the glowing reviews started to come in for this film I decided to take a look at it.  I cannot comment on the translation from book to film or the quality of Rowling's books but the film of the very first novel is quite horrible.  I tried to like it, but I found it excruciating to watch.  It took me no where and, even worse, it really didn't have much of a plot.  The thin shreds of plot were introduced 1 hour and 45 minutes into the film.  The first part of the film was obviously conceived to give a background to the viewer of the Potter world.  Unfortunately there was little to grip me here and I found most of it to be grossly out of place.  What the heck does a game of "Quidditch" have to do with the story?  It, and many other things, were just eye candy.  The characters were stale and seemed like rejects from a Roald Dahl story (see James and the Giant Peach).  I'm flabbergasted that such a piece of junk has attracted so many adamant fans.  No wonder kids don't know how to read or write very well anymore.  No wonder Britney Spears and N'Sync are so possible.  The piece of trash that is Harry Potter explains it all - the current generation will cling to anything as long as they don't have to think for themselves.  'Tis a pity.
353	adjudicated	2	I have seen both Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings during the past couple of weeks. Both have an unbelieveable amount of hype behind them, and both films are based on extremely popular fantasy book however, that's where the difference ends. Harry Potter is just hype and Lord of the Rings is what delivers. But, that's another review. Harry Potter is an eleven year old boy living in England with his irritating aunt and uncle who really don't care for him. He is wisked away to become a wizard at Hogwarts school of wizards. From there he makes a lot of friends and learns to become a wizard. He plays games on broomsticks, and fights a lot of fake looking monsters. And in the end, he meets the evil wizard who killed his parents. Now, the film isn't that bad, but it's really silly and got quite boring after a while, some of the sequences were ripped off from The Phantom Menace, (The Quidditch match, etc) Anyways, kids love it, I didn't A 3 out of 10, decent special effects, and sets, but, a bland, and unoriginal script that only children who are diehard fans of the book will enjoy. (I have not read any of the books, and this movie makes me want to stay away from them.)Wait for the hype to end and see it on video!
354	adjudicated	3	I have, in all my life as a lover of both literature and the cinema, hardly ever come upon a piece of work more unimaginative, more ugly, more uninteresting, more lacking in suspense, more lacking in charm, more greedy, more incoherent... Okay, okay. I'll stop with the superlative negatives. Surely there have been worse, and, yes, off the top of my head, I can think of many that are worse. However, for a book that over 125 million people have read, and for a movie that cemented the record for the biggest opening weekend in history, and also for a book that has had not only kids but critics singing its praises, and also for a movie which one particularly fat-headed critic called the Wizard of Oz of its generation, I am more than severely disappointed. I know that, had it not been so overhyped, it would have been just as bad. Now, however, my anger for it is completely hardened and it's going to be a passionate battle for me for years to come.
355	adjudicated	3	I love the Harry Potter books because of their brilliant writing, exciting and funny moments, compelling characters and the way that I'm hooked as soon as I pick one up. They deserved to be such a phenomenon. The films? Not so much. This starts off the adaptations in OK style, and follows Harry Potter's attempts to stop the evil sorcerer who killed his parents getting a stone which will help him return to power.
356	adjudicated	3	I love this movie, it is excellent. Everything in it is, acting, costumes, production, directing, script, photography, set decoration, etc. Kudos to the cast, crew, and filmmakers. Two Thumbs Way Up! 10 out of 10 golden stars. 
357	adjudicated	3	I must admit right up front that I have never read the J.K. Rowling novel on which `Harry Potter: The Sorcerer's Stone' is based.  As a result, I come to the movie `cold' as it were, being neither a full-fledged aficionado nor an inveterate denigrator of this phenomenally popular book series that, in the past few years, has taken the literary world by storm.  Thus, I will not be able to say to what degree Chris Columbus' handsomely designed film adaptation does or does not do justice to its source.  All I can say is how the film struck someone like myself who comes to the material fresh and without expectations of any kind. Well, the verdict, I must say, is a decidedly mixed one, so please allow me to elaborate.
358	adjudicated	3	I really hadn't expected to enjoy this movie, thinking it to be primarily directed toward children, but upon viewing it I discovered it to be a wonderful flight of fancy and fantasy, whisking the viewer into an unimaginable and yet completely believable world of wizards and magic, trolls and goblins.
359	adjudicated	3	I really like this movie! Even though most of the events in this movie could never happen in the real world, it is awesome. I think that this really set a really good example for all of the other Harry Potter movies. Ever since I saw this movie I have loved the Harry Potter series, the movies and the books! I saw this almost right after it came out on video and I am really happy I did. I think that they chose the right people to play the people in the movie. The director made it a lot like the book, and I really liked that about it! I definitely think that if you haven't seen this movie, you should see it as soon as possible!
360	adjudicated	3	I reviewed this film about a year ago when I had seen it for the first time and I said that I liked the book more but the more I see this film I have discovered that I like the movie just as much as the book.  I think that Harry Potter is such a great book and movie series.  I personally love the fact that they started making the movies because now along with my visualizations that I have, I also have the visualizations that go along with the movie.  I can't wait until Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban(my favorite out of all the books) comes out, I believe that it will be the coolest book to see on the big screen.
361	adjudicated	3	I saw "Potter" in an open frame of mind.  I have not read the books, and know next to nothing about the whole Potter phenomenon.  I'm also not particularly into the occult, though that can be interesting, like anything else.
362	adjudicated	3	I truly missed this one when it came out in theatres,but now that it is out on videocassette and DVD,I finally got the chance to see last night for the very first time. However,since this was based on the popular best-selling children's books by J.K. Rowling this was a fantasy feature that has come to life. This lavish film version ends up working on both levels: as a stand-alone motion picture and as a worthy adaption of a novel that,while hardly a literary landmark,is nevertheless brilliantly funny,inventive and full of imaginary spunk. Director Chris Columbus has a deserved reputation for making cloying films(Home Alone,Mrs. Doubtfire and Bicentennial Man),but here he has deftly allowed the movie to carefully walked the precious line between being too syrupy for adults and too grave for children(there are some very scary scenes here that may be too intense for those under the age of 12 since the film carries a stern "PG" rating). In other words,this movie is way,way,COOL! Even though it was just a flick for the kiddies,it was spectacle beyond belief. Part Wizard of Oz,the flying sequence of both Steven Spielburg's E.T.,and part Return Of The Jedi,this was a must see. A grand technical achievement.
363	adjudicated	3	I was very impressed by Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. I had read the book a year prior to the film release and was very impressed by how close the film was to the book, only skipping a few things for time. The things the movie skipped on wasn't enough to make the film unworthy to watch.
364	adjudicated	3	I watched all Harry Potter movies when I was 7 years old. After five years I watched the movies again at 12 years old and I feel this saga a classic, well, it is a classic. I started reading the first book like one day ago. Which my mom gave to me when I was a little kid. I like Harry Potter a lot and I would watch all the saga again
365	adjudicated	3	I'm a big fan of Harry Potter; the books AND the movies. I can easily say that the first movie of the series is my favourite among all 8 HP movies, and it's also one of the most successful adaptations among films based on books. It must have been a huge challenge to reflect J.K. Rowling's amazing world to the big screen, and equally challenging to do so with three main characters who happen to be only kids at the very start of their acting career. However, everything's done so professionally that the magic in the book is transferred into a movie which is interesting for almost any age group in my opinion. The glory of the unique adventure of Harry Potter is nicely put in the screenplay and every little detail from costumes to locations are blended into a movie which is only the beginning of a legendary saga.
366	adjudicated	3	I'm going to leave the same review at every Harry Potter film. The Harry Potter film series is seriously the best! I can watch it over and over again and I will never get tired of it. I love this whole magic world and I love how perfectly connected the series are. I was a huge fan when I was a child and I surely still am - 10/10!!
367	adjudicated	3	I'm in a rather embarrassing position when it comes to the world of Harry Potter. I'd never heard of the books, much less read any until the films came out. Shows how unaffected I was by the whole Potter phenomenon. JK Rowling's tales of a boy wizard at a magic school is one of the most amazing things to hit the world of children's fiction since Roald Dahl was alive and kicking.
368	adjudicated	3	I'm not sure why, but I never really enjoyed reading or watching Harry Potter and the philosopher's stone. It feels very childish and aimed at a younger audience. Not to mention that the actors look a lot younger than 11. I felt a bit bored watching it and didn't really enjoy it. Nonetheless, it is Harry Potter, so I will give it a 5.
369	adjudicated	3	I've never watched any of the Harry Potter films start to finish until now. I've just never really been interested enough to do so. Having seen the film, nothing has changed. I've seen worse films but I've also seen better and am not looking forward to future films.
370	adjudicated	3	I've read the first Harry Potter book and I greatly enjoyed it.  (As an aside I'm also a conservative fundamentalist Christian who does not think that Harry Potter is recruiting tool for Satan).
371	adjudicated	3	Initially I was against this series because the kids leave such huge messes at the cinema where I work. Then I decided to rent the first movie and give it a look to see what it is the kids love about it so much. Then it hit me: it's the story of a no talent underdog who overcomes great obstacles with a little help from his friends. And who doesn't like that?
372	adjudicated	3	It all started in 1990 when J.K.Rowling had the idea about a boy with glasses and black hair, it popped into his head during a train ride from Manchester to London. She has since gone on to work on her first novel, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, and on a plan that included the plots of each of the seven books she planned to release. In the years that followed Rowling had her daughter, divorced her first husband and moved to Portugal, always continuing to write the book. Finally, in 1996, the book was ready, and after eight publishers rejected the manuscript, Bloomsbury agreed to publish it the following year. After its publication, the Harry Potter series gained great popularity and commercial success worldwide and gave rise to films, video games, among others. The great merit of J.K. Rowling that led the series to be so popular with young people is the construction of an intensely pleasant hero and puts his adventures on paper by mixing great dark adventures with light drama and pleasant comedy. It is this same essence and tone that director Chris Columbus employs in this first adventure of the wizard boy, and he does it very well. Usually fans of some work adapted to the cinemas always end up complaining about omitted facts. But this is not the case. Steve Kloves' script is incredibly faithful to Rowling's book. All the remarkable passages for the readers are present and finally manage to cease the curiosity of how everything would be. Steve Kloves' script is the result of meticulous work and should have been nominated for several awards as the best script adapted to that year's Oscar. It keeps all the main passages in the book and many of the characters' speeches come straight from the pages of the book to the mouths of their interpreters. Most of the changes mentioned are natural in adaptations from one medium to another, but what gives the clear feeling that the film is just a clipping of the book's events to the screens giving the feeling of being an episodic film is the plot involving Nicolau Flamel , of essential importance to the drama, and which is mentioned only in the final part of the film, somewhat out of obligation so that all passages of the climax were justified. On the other hand, it should be noted that this first film is about introducing the complex universe of the series to the public. For this reason, Columbus loses the necessary time to introduce the protagonist to the audience (his past history, who he is, how he lives) and the personality characteristics of dozens of other characters, in addition to having to mention several terms and an infinity of scenarios from the wizarding world that the audience gets to know along with Harry throughout the scenes. It is a film that pleases by its ability to be faithful to the book and to consolidate the fundamental bases for films released in the future. For this reason, we have to see Harry still at the Dursleys' house to get to know them better and to know what life was like for the young wizard with his uncles and to give us a sense of the powers that were then unknown to Harry, such as his ability to communicate with snakes. Only afterwards are we introduced to the gigantic and expansive settings at Hogwarts, and then meet the teachers and the various classes they teach. Then we watch Harry and his friends develop over a whole year at school until he can face his first big challenge at the end of the school year (even several of the final challenges use the knowledge they learn in class). The unknown cast of children proved to be the right choice and that was fundamental, since the expectation of success of the film and the permission for the development of the following films was enormous. If a casting choice was wrong, we would have to live with it until the end of the saga. Emma Watson is the perfect Hermione Granger, the little witch daughter of parents who are not wizards and who is extremely studious and smart, and certainly the most intelligent for her age. Who knew that girl would be in the future one of the best actresses and one of the most beautiful of her generation. Rupert Grint also proved to be the best choice to be Ron Weasley. The young actor with natural red hair is one of those who best embodies the character and his clumsy, comical and friendly way. His facial expressions are also priceless. Daniel Radcliffe is the weakest in performance of the main trio, precisely the great protagonist. But even so, his work is very satisfying and only gets better throughout the series. The chemistry of this trio on the scene made them a reference and the success of the features made them three of the richest young people in the world. We also have other highlights like Harry Melling as Duda Dursley, Tom Felton as Draco Malfoy, Matthew Lewis as the clumsy and priceless Neville Longbottom.
373	adjudicated	3	It is fascinating to see what stories and universes land so well with audiences. Harry Potter became one of those lucky stories that captured the hearts and imagination of millions. We see what a creative mind J. K Rowling has in this first film in the series. Despite introducing an intricate and brand new universe, The Philosopher's Stone does a good job in setting up this magical word of Wizards and spells and introduces us to some key characters that many have grown to love. The plot is simple enough and easy to follow and there is enough action to keep you engaged.
374	adjudicated	3	It was a good film with a good plot but by any means wasn't bad. The special effects weren't bad but ok, but this did come out in 2001. The story line wasn't as strong as I would have liked to have seen it but what I do know is the main actors in the first two films weren't great.
375	adjudicated	3	It's hard to imagine just how influential the Harry Potter series has been on my life. It was released around the time I was born, and I can't really ever remember a time when it wasn't my favorite world to escape into. Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is the first book I can remember becoming a fan of, and wanting to read it again straight away. I'm not even going to pretend that I can judge this without bringing over my fondness for the books.
376	adjudicated	3	It's quite nostalgic to revisit the magical world of Harry Potter after so many years, yet surprising to discover that it still has a charming quality about itself. The first in the 8-part film series, Harry Potter & the Philosopher's Stone (also known as Harry Potter & the Sorcerer's Stone) may not have the darkness or complexity of its later instalments but what it manages to retain is the freshness, innocence & excitement one feels when embarking on a new adventure.
377	adjudicated	1	It's seem like just yesterday, when the movie about the boy whom lived, was about to come out. People were wondering if the Harry Potter's books by J.K Rowling could easily be translated into the big screen. Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone AKA Sorcerer's Stone directed by Chris Columbus, indeed show that it was somewhat possible. The story follows Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe)'s first year at Hogwarts School of Wizardry as he discovers his gift and destiny against the dark forces of magic. The movie like the other films are cut into two plots directions. One is about student life at Hogwarts during the school-year, while the other half is about the mystery that Harry Potter must uncovered that year. It works well as a long read novel, but in movie form: its means a long sit through. The movie pacing is so long. It takes forever to get to the main plot of Harry Potter finding the Philosopher Stone. There are is a lot of filler scenes that could be cut away. I dislike how the Philosopher Stone is one-time movie McGuffin. For the best of my knowledge, the Philosopher stone plays no factor after this movie, and never mention again after this film. The third act, mostly comes out of nowhere. The twist toward the end, was pretty predictable, if you readt the books, but pretty interesting. Another thing about the movie is how non-logical the movie is. It really baffled me, how much exposition, it needed. Even an hour in the film, there were a lot of random odd things happening without much explaining. It gets more confusing as long bits of the book, like the Centaur showing in the woods, were shorten in the film. It gets worst for the centaur, as he wouldn't play a factor, in any of the later films, despite, saving Harry Potter from Voldermort. Hermione Granger (Emma Watson) was also cut short. Her riddle solving in the book was cut from the film. Several minor characters have been removed from the film version, as well. Despite those, the movie is really close to the novel. In my opinion, don't bother, trying to understand the logic of all the wizard terms, because it will take you out of the fantasy movie, and give you a headache. Still, there were some really dumb things to nitpick here like why would Professor Dumbledore (Richard Harris), even allow Harry Potter to stay with the Dursley's family when he knows that they're horrible people. Honestly, the Dursleys could had killed Harry Potter with the childhood neglect! What was he thinking? Harry Potter could had commit suicide, or gone crazy like Lord Voldermort! What an idiot! The whole movie is about children being danger all the time. I don't care if they're wizards in training, I'm surprise that the death tolls of students dying isn't as high as it should be. The school staff is questionable at times. A good example of this stupidity, is punishing students whom went out at nights, by sending them out at nights in the dark forest, where they can get attacked by creatures. The most insulting thing in logic is the black/white one-dimensional view of good Vs evil. Honestly, how on earth is the members of Slytherin never got expulsion for all the bullies that it has? You would think, that at less, there would be one good person in Slytherin. Another thing that bugs me is the whole the power of love conquer all. I think, children are a lot smarter than the childish message, the film is trying to pull. The acting in the movie is pretty bland, for the most part. After all, most of the child actors had this film as their first roles. I wouldn't say that Harry Potter's film series, have the most entertaining of dialogues, anyways. The wooden delivery, felt like a read-through. Most of what they're saying are stating the obvious or repeating what happening on screen. It's so annoying. The other actors were master British thespians, who seem to over-act at times. A good example of this is John Hurt & Alan Rickman. It was too hammy for already over the top world. The action scenes were pretty well-done. My favorite had to be the Quidditch match and the whole chess game. I can do, without the whole troll scene. The CGI troll hasn't aged well. Visually, the movie is beautiful to look at. I love the special effects, locations & set, and costume, they did. It really made the Harry Potter world, stand out. The music by John Williams is amazing to listen to. I think director Chris Columbus was indeed the best choice for this first movie, as he got the magically part, right and how to make a family picture. You even see, how much things, he establish that other directors would reused time after time. Still, I really hope for Terry Gilliam like J.K Rowling's first choice to be the direction. The movie has great social commentary themes like the metaphor of racism, ethnic cleansing and why Nazism is bad. You can also see possible influences from other words, that made Harry Potter work. There was a few controversial moments leading up to the film, like religious debates. A few religious groups claim that Harry Potter contain occult or Satanic subtexts that isn't good for children. Another one is the use of the word, sorcerer over the word philosopher in the title. US & British have different meanings to the words, plus marketing though, it would better to call it sorcerer as that word get more appeal. Due to this different, all scenes that mention the philosopher's stone by name had to be reshot, once with the actors saying "philosopher's" and once with "sorcerer's". Overall: The movie might has its flaws, but majority, a great first watch for any fantasy fan.
378	adjudicated	3	Like a lot of others, I refused to watch this film when it was originally released, thinking it was going to be another movie for kids, loosely taken from the source. Was I ever wrong? 
379	adjudicated	3	Much like the film in said title, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone seems to essentially be a nice kind of kiddy escapism flick into the world of magic, but like The Wizard of Oz, it still manages to be surprisingly touchy in a profoundly humanistic kind of way despite its far fetched story. 
380	adjudicated	3	My favourite part was when the staircases changed (Simon age 7).
381	adjudicated	3	My review of this film may be a little blinded by the fact that i hate kids films but that apart i can see why kids would like this film. The story is very good as are the special affects and there is a very good cast of actors. The shame is that the lead star is the poorest of all the actors including all the other child actors. It's ok to have the Harry Potter look but it does help have the acting abilty too and i'm afraid Daniel Radcliffe does not have it. Robbie Coltrane and Richard Harris are superb . I have not seen read the book (im one of the few!)so i have an unbiased point regarding the comparison but i can see how the book would have some appeal if it is anything like the film. All in all not bad but not my cup of tea. 7 out of 10.
382	adjudicated	3	My sister, bless her heart, used to work in a bookstore, and brought the novel this turkey is based upon home one day. After everyone else in my family had read it, I decided to give it a go because I had little better to do at the time. I wound up throwing the book across the room in around thirty pages, feeling that not only had my intelligence been insulted, so too had the already-persecuted-enough faiths of Wicca and its pagan relatives.
383	adjudicated	3	Not a perfect story, but a lovely introduction into these characters and J. K. Rowling's magical world of wizards. Lots of great bits here, like the sorting hat, invisibility cloak, troll encounter, and quidditch match (even if the rules for this game are absurd). The casting is excellent, including the principal three (Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, and Rupert Grint) and the teachers at Hogwarts (Alan Rickman, Maggie Smith, and Richard Harris). The film was a little too long and had scenes that seemed a little disconnected, leading to a rather brief, anticlimactic ending, but overall there's a reason the franchise was so popular, and this got it off the ground in good form.
384	adjudicated	3	Now pay attention students (You thought I was going to say "007" then, didn't you?), lets get this straight...HARRY POTTER AND THE SORCERER'S STONE (PHILOSOPHER'S STONE in just about every country but the US) is NOT a great movie. The most expensive to date maybe, certainly hyped and marketed into the stratosphere, but despite many redeeming features which I will get to later, it remains curiously ordinary!
385	adjudicated	3	Now the reason I make that statement is because you have to be a fan of Harry Potter to have enjoy this movie or you have to be a fan of wizard movies to better enjoy.
386	adjudicated	3	Pretty decent movie but I think the book is better
387	adjudicated	3	Quite watchable but basically a children's classic that has adult audiences agog on the basis of the books. The book was exceptionally well-written and this is probably one of the things that draws in the adult reader. The film, on the other hand, whilst a reasonably faithful and engaging adaptation, adds little beyond putting amiable faces to the names of the characters. All very competent and a must see for any Potter fans, but hardly outstanding in its own right.
388	adjudicated	3	Raised by a family who detests him, Harry Potter (Radcliffe) learns he is a wizard and soon finds himself at school of magic Hogwarts.
389	adjudicated	3	So, to set the scene a little bit, I believe this is the third time I've seen this movie. I read the nearly all the books when they came out and watched just the first one when it released and then, over lockdown pounded out the whole series. Thought I'd come back to it again and give it a more critical eye.
390	adjudicated	3	Sorcerer stone is a pretty good film which introduces us with harry potter and his friends. Just like the kids in Hogwarts, audience are also in awe with the magic. But I felt that this lacked a story which is only revealed towards end. But still this is my second most favorite harry potter film after chamber of secrets.
391	adjudicated	3	Surprisingly good.
392	adjudicated	3	That's it! I give up! I surrender! White flag! My friends want to see the new Harry Potter that is about to be released this summer, The Order of Phoenix, but they looked at my like I just lost my head when I told them I never saw the Harry Potter films. They just said I've seen every movie yet I never saw Harry Potter? Well, I never saw the point since I don't read the books or wasn't interested in the films, it looked like typical kid's stuff to me. But my friends said they would not take me to see the movie until I've seen the films, it's now that I realize I got myself into trouble since these movies are all 2+ hours each. I just finished the first one a couple days ago.
393	adjudicated	3	That's right. I grew up as a snot nosed kid during the hype of Harry Pot head. I mean Harry Potter. The hype was annoying during those days.
394	adjudicated	3	The first film in the epic "Harry Potter" series, directed by kiddie-movie specialist Chris Columbus, feels a bit slight compared to some of the stories that followed it, but there are many delights here for both Potter fans and fantasy movie fans in general. The fun of the movie always feels a bit contrived and forced, which I think is mostly the fault of the director. But on the other hand a wonderful cast was brought together for this film, a cast which formed the core of the solid ensemble that carried through the rest of the film series (so far). By that I mean not so much the 3 primary child actors, who in this film showed no particular flair or talent (though they look and feel right good casting as opposed to good performing, for the most part) but moreso the supporting cast of mostly British actors.
395	adjudicated	1	The first of the popular books by J.K. Rowling was one of the most anticipated films at the time, and it became one of the most successful family films in cinema, from director Chris Columbus (Home Alone, Mrs. Doubtfire). Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) has lived with his Uncle Vernon (Richard Griffiths) and Aunt Petunia (Fiona Shaw) and their son since he was a baby. Then one day, after attacks by letters for him, Rubeus Hagrid (BAFTA nominated Robbie Coltrane) takes Harry to be taught at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. He takes money from the Wizard Bank and buys a wand from Mr. Ollivander (John Hurt) on the way, and he also finds out he is famous for surviving an attack by He Who Must Not Be Named, explaining the scar on his forehead. When Harry is on his way to Hogwarts at London Liverpool Station he needs to find Platform 9 and 3 quarters, and asking Mrs. Molly Weasley (Julie Walters) he goes through a wall between platforms 9 and 10. On the train he meets Ron Weasley (Rupert Grint), and briefly Hermoine Granger (Emma Watson). Then at the school, they meet Professor Minerva McGonagall (Dame Maggie Smith), the mean Slytherin bound Draco Malfoy (Tom Felton), before going in front of Professor Albus Dumbledore (Richard Harris) and the other teachers to be put into the appropriate houses by the wizard hat. The film continues to see their lessons with teachers, including Professor Severus Snape (Alan Rickman) teaching potions, Madame Hooch (Zoë Wanamaker) teaching broom flying, and Professor Flitwick (Leprechaun's Warwick Davis, also playing Goblin Bank Teller) teaching levitation. Then is the first and (then) gripping Quidditch game, Gryffindor vs. Slytherin with Harry as the seeker trying to catch the Golden Snitch to win the game, while everyone scores with the Quaffel. But as time goes by, Harry, Ron and Hermoine discover a plan to steal something guarded by the giant two-headed dog (Fluffy), that they later find out is called the Philosopher's Stone (the Americans insist on calling the boring Sorcerer's Stone). Harry and the other two eventually pluck up the courage to get past the dog, and traps, including Devil's Snare plants, flying keys (to the door) and the giant game of Wizard's Chess. Harry eventually faces his great foe, and he suspected the very mysterious Snape, but it was in fact Professor Quirinus Quirrell (Ian Hart), but the real villain is on the back of his head, Harry's parents killer Vodermort, aka He Who (well, you know the rest). Harry survives and kills Voldermort and Quirrel, is reunited with his friends, Gryffindor deservedly wins the house cup, and Harry goes home with great memories. Also starring John Cleese as Nearly Headless Nick and David Bradley as Argus Filch. It was nominated the Oscars for Best Art Direction-Set Decoration, Best Costume Design and Best Music for John Williams, and it was nominated the BAFTAs for the Alexander Korda Award for Best British Film, Best Feature Film (Children's Award), Best Special Visual Effects, Best Costume Design, Best Make Up/Hair, Best Production Design and Best Sound. Harry Potter was number 45 on The 100 Greatest Pop Culture Icons, but he was also number 35 on The 100 Worst Britons (the only fictional person, why?), the film was number 11 on The Ultimate Film, and it was number 15 on The 100 Greatest Family Films. Very good!
396	adjudicated	3	The first part of the movie is very good with an excellent re-creation of the atmosphere imagined by J. K Rowling in the book on which it was inspired. All visual special effects are very imaginative and of very good quality. The characters are well designed and very convincing. The human nature (bad or good) of these wizards is extremely well shaped and their performances extremely charming. Well this is true for the first part of the movie which shows, so to speak, the presentation of Hogwarth, the wizard school and its masters and students with a special prominence of the main character of Harry Potter (a well chosen charming child actor) and his two companions Hermione and Ron. However the second part in which the main plot of the searching for the sorcerer's stone develops itself, is much less brilliant in terms of imagination and special effects, becoming sometimes a bit dull and commonplace.
397	adjudicated	3	The sequel as well as the book has turned out excellent. At last that in the 2nd movie more attention was paid to the main antagonist. The truth here Tom Redll looks too romaticized, than in the latest books and movies of the saga. The 2nd part very much of a campaign on the first, it is the last "children's" part. The only thing that it became much better - dynamics of successions of events has considerably accelerated. The first part nevertheless was too linear and short (I mean only the movie), and the introduction tightened.
398	adjudicated	3	There is a classic early 90's "Far Side" cartoon of 3 people standing in an otherwise empty room with a banner hanging overhead painted with the letters, 'DLDWWS,' which stands for "Didn't Like Dances With Wolves Society." Gary Larson really captured a phenomenon of what I'd call the 'societal embrace.' People look for things to identify with to make them feel like they're a part of mass culture. Enough people give this product their stamp of approval that it nearly becomes propaganda. No person can escape at least making a decision about that product. People are more likely to decide something's good if someone else tells them it's good, even though they would have felt indifferent otherwise. This cultural phenomenon has happened many times, including this year. In late 2001 and early 2002, there was no escape from Harry Potter. (pronounced 'Paw-TUH' because I've rarely heard it said otherwise. Hogwarts, Middle Earth, Ridley Scott, James Bond, Austin Powers, Shrek-talking like a stuffy brit is definitely cool again.)
399	adjudicated	3	There were many plot changes to accommodate the adaptation of this literary work to film. But what bothered me more were the obvious comparisons to the 1986 TV movie "The Worst Witch," in which many of the main characters of this work seem to have appeared. 
400	adjudicated	3	There's no need for a synopsis as I think most people know about Harry Potter now but I should point out I haven't read the books. Philosopers Stone is an origin story of sorts and crucial to the Harry Potter franchise as it provides the entire backstory for further movies. The actual plot in this particular movie I found a bit tame but the acting was great and the characters were just as fun as I remembered. The movie is filled with wonderful creatures and the world itself is honestly captivating. The CGI at the time was probably pretty impressive but on my recent viewing, it's really noticable how fake certain things look with the troll in particular aging the worst.
401	adjudicated	3	There's nothing like the first in a series, is there? The introduction to the characters, the immersion into the fictional world, the first time you laugh, cry, care, and fear for someone's safety can never be repeated. No matter how many Harry Potter movies they crank out, or if they ever remake them in the future, none will come close to the wonderful first film, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone.
402	adjudicated	3	This film is what got into Harry Potter. After I had seen Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, I had read the original novel and the rest of the series. I know that is a bit unorthodox, but that's me.
403	adjudicated	3	This first Harry Potter surprised me. Not a reader of the books nor a proponent of occult beliefs, I still went into this with an open mind and found I enjoyed the movie. I watched the first three films and own the third ("Harry Potter and Prisoner Of Azkaban").
404	adjudicated	3	This is a fantasy film, the first in the long-running series of Harry Potter films, and is also known as Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. It is based on the novel of the same name, which is the first in the long-running series of novels.
405	adjudicated	3	This is not a film, it is a trap door to a life, we all wanted to live in when we were kids. It's been years since I had watched the first chapter of JK Rowling wizarding world, I wanted to review with utmost passion and dedication but my thoughts, feelings never inked on the words. Seems like, I was missing that feather pen to wrote it down.
406	adjudicated	3	This is the best harry potter film, it's great. it's so fun and i don't have much to say because i love it!
407	adjudicated	3	This movie beginning of one of the most known and cult film franchizes. And though the first movie about Harry Potter looks too children's and simple, he has begun a series. The plot of the movie as well as book is simple, but as it was fine to watch it for the first time.
408	adjudicated	3	This movie has not aged well at all lol,especially the camera quality,the acting.......isn't great....there's also a LOT of conveniences to the point of being hilarious,the feeling of the movie is straight out of the 2000's and late 90's ,that being said I still have a lot of fun with this movie,the soundtrack,the world,the characters,mythology,all of it is to iconic and for me nostalgic it's Impossible to not to have a good time,there some extremely dumb moments, but if you can just have fun with this movie instead of being overly critical,I'd say it's a good time .
409	adjudicated	3	This was a pleasure to watch. Eager fresh faces, a galaxy of veteran British actors, sparkling photography, a sympathetic main character, a truly brilliant set piece (the Quiddich match), plenty of action, a pleasing combination of the real and the fantastic in set design and plenty of appropriate special effects. It was amusing to see the absurdly pompous ground floor of Australia House in London as the banking chamber of Gringott's Bank. I'm afraid to say the people behind the counter in real life are just as unsympathetic as the goblins of Gringott's. It must be the architecture.
410	adjudicated	3	To millions of children of all ages, November 16 has been more eagerly anticipated than Christmas, as the long-awaited film version of J. K. Rowling's beloved novel "Harry Potter and the Sorceror's Stone" hits the screen.
411	adjudicated	3	Today I watched Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (2001) for the first time in nearly ten years!!!! I felt the same exact nostalgia as I did when i very first saw it! This film adaptation of J.K. Rowling's novel is VERY accurate! Nearly every scene and every line from the novel is in this movie! If you're one who LOVES film adaptations of books then Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is definitely for you!!! As well as the 7 sequels of the film series are also very accurate to the books. Give this magical movie a watch!!!.
412	adjudicated	3	Undoubtedly targeted at a very young audience, there's a certain degree of magic dancing around this picture that makes it easily-accessible to adults as well. Although my own childhood was long gone by the time this hit theaters, watching it today was like leaping back through time to an age filled with innocence and wonder. That effect does occasionally get lathered on a bit thick, but a speedy pace and densely populated realm are usually enough to compensate for such moments. JK Rowling's rich, sprawling, imaginative world is downright hypnotizing on the screen, loaded with treats and treasures, and it's tough to look away for even an instant. Although the CGI work is distractingly bad in a few instances (it very nearly ruins the Quidditch match), the child actors are average at best and there isn't much adversity to our heroes' hunt for the MacGuffin Stone, it's still a cheery, entertaining introduction to a universe that's positively buzzing with potential.
413	adjudicated	3	Well acted, well directed, and full of Whimsy. Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone proves to be an entertaining and magical spectacle that made stars out of Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, and Rupert Grint.
414	adjudicated	3	When I bought it on DVD I thought this may be also for adults. I´m now 33 years old and i have to admit that this film is no (more) adapted for me and I would recommend it only for children. Okay the special effects were good but the story was too long and some times too boring. Perhaps the book is more interesting to read because you can imagine in an other dimension. I think the film is too overrated and I give only 5/10.
415	adjudicated	3	When I first heard that there was going to be a film remake of the Philosopher's Stone, I thought "Oh no, they're going to ruin it." Because as so many people have said in the past to me, a film version of a book is butchered. However, I went to see the film with high hopes, and thankfully, I wasn't disappointed.
416	adjudicated	3	When the movie first came out, I was hesitant about seeing it because I was so enamored of the J.K. Rowling book. Therefore, I avoided it at the theater. When I finally bought the DVD I was sorry I hadn't seen it at the theater as I found that the movie was a truly worthy adaptation of the book. 
417	adjudicated	3	Who hasn't fantasized about receiving a letter of acceptance from Hogwarts? The author and the filmmakers are too good, and they have created a whole new world.What attracts me most is the charm and novelty of magic, the magical 9 and 3/4 platform, the wonderful magic school, the lively small partners and so on, all of which make me surprised and surprised.
418	adjudicated	3	WINGARDIUM LEVIOSA!
419	adjudicated	3	With every major franchise, trilogy, etc. everything must start somewhere, and to most people the first two installments in the Harry Potter franchise always seem to have negative reviews. I don't blame them, some things feel a little out of order and some things are dated but nevertheless Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone makes for a true fun and entertaining film unlike most.
420	adjudicated	3	Word for word, it followed the book.  Some people may see this as a good thing, but the best film adaptations of books are the ones that take the FEELINGS and THEMES from the book and transform them from the written format to the screen.  This movie, however, was like listening to a cassette of the book with silly little special effects and poor animations carrying out the actions.
421	adjudicated	3	Yeah yeah, I get it. Adaptations will almost always lose material, and perhaps this gives the movie an unfair advantage.
422	adjudicated	3	You know what?  I'm getting sick of reading comments by people who are tearing this movie apart, saying it twists mythology, it is unimaginative, it is done simply for cold cash, etc..  Well, a lot of these people are the same ones who will go see the same action movie over and over again, despite the lack of plot and talent.  Hollywood just does not make good family movies anymore that are not animated, and I think that is very well done. The child actors are wonderful and have great timing for actors of their age.  Just enjoy it!
423	adjudicated	3	6.7?? Should be 1.7. I am very sad to see this movie was not any good. People who rated this movie above 4 just don't have heart nor have common sense, in other terms: cast and crew. Bad Robot interns.
424	adjudicated	3	A terrible movie for Star Wars, cinema or art fans. It crushes the force and takes Mary Sue-ism and unexplained occurrences to a new height. Frankly, and we have known this all along, the actors and actresses are poor.
425	adjudicated	3	Absolute trash from Jar Jar Abrams, once again. The guy is a fraud and I love that people are starting to notice.
426	adjudicated	3	Absolutely a disgrace to writing and cinematography. Breaks established lore, pacing is horrendous, several things are just left in the movie and never followed up upon, and you do not have time to connect with any characters. It is so terrible that it is not even fun to make fun of it, it just makes you sad.
427	adjudicated	3	After the debacle that was The Last Jedi, I (and many other lifelong Star Wars fans) had hoped that lessons would have been learned at the House of Mouse, and that the final film in Lucas's proposed nine-movie saga would end the franchise on a high. Sadly, this is not the case.
428	adjudicated	2	Allow me to preface this review by stating that I enjoy every Star Wars film (yes, including The Phantom Menace and Attack of the Clones) and this was no exception. It was a highly entertaining romp that included many fun call-backs to service long-term fans of the franchise, from revisiting the ruins of the Death Star to seeing the return of Luke Skywalker's X-Wing from A New Hope. That being said, The Rise of Skywalker suffered from indecision and inconsistency within itself and in the context of the Star Wars canon.
429	adjudicated	1	As some may have noticed, the Death Star turned to dust when it was blown up in ROTJ, which made it unbearable to watch and to buy in to the narrative since a huge chuck of the death star appeared in this movie - with literally no explanation on how and why Palpatine is suddenly alive.
430	adjudicated	3	As someone who has loved star wars ever since I was 6 , this is genuinely disappointing. This whole trilogy is an insult to George Lucas.
431	adjudicated	3	Does this even qualify as a movie? Yes, the images move at twenty-four frames a second, but as a story, this is the biggest mess I have ever seen, a mishmash of Macguffins, convenient idiocy to move the plot along, and new flashy Force powers to comb away problems when they arise and the writer cannot come up with a more clever resolution. All the actors seem checked out and I cannot blame them: it's like every movie in this misbegotten trilogy, rather than building on the movie before it, just wants to press the reset button over and over. How can you play a character that way?
432	adjudicated	3	Don't believe either the 1 Star reviews or the 10 Star review, both are nonsense.
433	adjudicated	3	Don't watch this. Its like a transformers movie, just exsisting to sell toys.
434	adjudicated	3	Dreadful. A boring, poorly acted, disrespectful, pointless pile of crud. Gets 2 stars because I liked the horse/pig things. Actually disappointed that the original cast had anything to do with this at all. They sold their credibility out completely. Appreciate money is a motivator, but they can't be that skint surely? Praying they were "forced" at gun point to do this. Would explain the wooden acting. And as for Ridley, Boyega and Isaac... Remember the excitement we felt as star wars fans that we were finally going to see the old cast get together again? Do you think the same excitement will be felt in 30 years over those 3? It will be more of a case of who? Oh yeah them.. Where did they drag them out from? I have never seen a more wooden actress than Ridley. Across all 3 films Rey was possibly the lamest, most pointless, irrelevant, boring, monotone, unbelievable character ever formulated in the history of cinema. Remember when Yoda kicked off with Doku in attack of the clones, or that wonderful scene in Rogue 1 when Vader storms the rebellion ship? Ever feel that excitement with any of her fight scenes? Nah me either. Why? Because her character was as dull as dishwater. I quote her feelings on the force.. "It's a power that Jedi have that lets them control people and-make things float." ... Deep, really deep. Make sure you say that in your head as flat as you possibly can to get the full "Rey" effect. I mean I appreciate she was a victim of a poor script, story and production but Jesus her delivery was as flat as a pancake. And Finn, oh Finn!! The chemistry between him and Rey was just.. Non existent. The comical dialogue! It was like watching two 4 years olds trying to recite Shakespeare, though I'm sure most could do a better job.
435	adjudicated	3	Finally after all these years, the end is here. I'm reminded of the last lines in T.S. Elliots poem: "It ended not with a bang, but a whimper."
436	adjudicated	3	For those who didn't like Rian Johnson's deconstructionist's approach w/The Last Jedi, good news. Rise of Skywalker does not continue that tack. For those who were hoping that JJ Abrams would be able to take the disjointed and seemingly rudderless story so far and bring it all together, bad news. He doesn't. Not even close.
437	adjudicated	3	Good: last of the trilogy
438	adjudicated	3	Greetings again from the darkness. Ending the final trilogy of trilogies that covers 42 years of storytelling, was never going to be easy. And, given the rabid fan base's backlash from the penultimate episode, the ending was unlikely to appease all (or even most?). Keeping respectful of the sensitivity associated with this franchise, no spoilers are included here, certainly nothing that hasn't already been dissected and debated after the trailers were released.
439	adjudicated	3	Hopefully, this is the last one; I don't know if I could bear to see how much worse it could get. With Rogue One, Disney proved they could find writers capable of doing Star Wars, and with this one they proved that they don't really care. I've seen nearly every scene in this one in a previous installment... nothing really new here. Nevertheless, I would recommend that every Star Wars fan watch this... just for closure.
440	adjudicated	3	I am a life long Star Wars fan and this was the first time I came out disappointed. And I am not picky, I was mostly happy even with the last two movies, but this one is the worst Star Wars movie yet.
441	adjudicated	3	I am not a Star Wars fan. I've lost count of which trilogy is which and what they are about. I just wanted to see a good sci-fi film and enjoy it as much as possible. Only it made no sense. The only things connecting it to other films were either nostalgic crap or reinventions and apologies of previous ideas that are now cancelled. The only new concepts in the movie made little sense and ended abruptly after being just presented. This doesn't feel like the Rise of anything, it feels like a terrible end where nothing has any value. People hate The Last Jedi. Well, that was kind of interesting, introducing new things to a tired little fairytale. Not good by any measure, but at least not boring. Rise of Skywalker is a Final Order of magnitude worse. No world building, no consistency of character, rushed, badly edited, the inbreeding of everyone with everyone, a consistent obliteration of any purpose, feeling or technical concept. It was a thorough Sithesque dismantling of Star Wars. But worse of all, because I really am not a fan and so I couldn't care less about this franchise, this film was boring as hell.
442	adjudicated	1	I can tell you this, when Disney acquired LucasFilms I remember seeing an interview where Kathleen Kennedy said that our beloved characters will live on... well that was a BIG lie. They ruined the whole Skywalker arc and if the best thing they can come up with is Rey being Palpatine's granddaughter, having Kylo die saving her and not just that but Rey taking the Skywalker name makes no sense.. men what a shame, I know a lot of fans like me had high hopes for these movies but the truth is they are just cash grabs, no good story and character driven movies like the originals.. damn
443	adjudicated	3	I can't feel it. It's not there. Empty. The Star Wars feeling is gone. After episode 8 I thought maybe I'm just had to much hope that it would make feel the way I felt as a kid. But then The Mandalorian arrived and showed us all that it IS possible to find the Essenes of Star Wars again (not episode 4!!) Mando also made the Disney trilogy sink even more in my mind. So, seeing episode 9, I just felt stupid for paying for it and wasting time like that. The identity politics is ridiculous and the whole movie feels stupid and illogical.
444	adjudicated	2	I don't think anyone would be surprised by now that The Force Awakens was basically A New Hope Remastered with pretty much nothing added to compensate. And, given that The Last Jedi was directed by someone who clearly enjoyed the Holiday Special - JarJar was left with no options. The new emperor(Snoke) is dead, he can't copy The Empire Strikes Back, and thus not The Return of the Jedi, but then JarJar thought... But what if he actually DID copy The Return of the Jedi? But how? Luckily, the expanded universe gave him an answer.
445	adjudicated	3	I gone to see with really less Hope since disney is doing nothing new creative they just using nostalgia as the weapon and try to please all kind of audience with this movie unlike the last Jedi well I appreciate that but there nothing new that all audience be pleased there no thrills in those light stabb fight.and Rey is seriously overpower I don't even know how she learned it so quick must be Disney magic trick that in movie need to have one overpower person .overall this is disaster.i suggest Disney Instead of using same stuff again and again try to create new .original which at least feels new this just feel overused trash let me put In garbage
446	adjudicated	3	I got to say, "Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker", has proved me wrong. It's an absolute best final chapter, and far more better than Rian Johnson's "Star Wars: The Last Jedi", because J.J. Abrams and George Lucas has delivered all the great experience in the film, and has delivered the greatest lightsaber duel of all time, that Rian Johnson couldn't deliver in the Last Jedi. There's nothing like the Star Wars series. Episode IX is the final chapter that has a conclusion to the story that is over 40 years of a making. At the beginning of 1977's Star Wars: A New Hope, these are all the story of all 8 Star Wars films to get to Episode IX that is the final chapter of the Skywalker Saga, it has to be Inevitable, Satisfying, Emotional, and Thrilling. J.J. Abrams and George Lucas wants the whole world to see what it's like to feel the ending of Star Wars, as the force will call to us, between the light and the dark side, and we will all feel the force once again. All the main characters and the original characters come together for one very last time for the final saga to end, and it's like nothing you've ever seen before. The previous story of Star Wars have all build and lead to this very last moment. It will go out with a bang, and there is a massive energy to it, that's bigger than anything that I could ever imagine. And it has all the fun. All the excitement, and all the sci-fi action/adventure you'll have to experience in the galaxy, far, far, away...
447	adjudicated	3	I had a good experience watching this the first time at the theater....but that was cause of the theater. It's not until I watched it again until I realized that it sucks. I grew up with the Star Wars franchise and these last two movies have been so horrible I'm not sure if they're worse than phantom menace or not, they might be.
448	adjudicated	3	I had no preconceived ideas about this film. I hadn't seen any reviews or spoken to anyone who had seen it.
449	adjudicated	3	I have watched this movie 4 times now and it gets worse everytime! I have NO Desire to watch this movie a 5'th time!
450	adjudicated	3	I heard this movie was bad but I had no idea it was going to be this bad; it was probably even worse than the Last Jedi and that's says all you need to know. Of course, it isn't all JJ Abram's fault for several reasons:
451	adjudicated	2	I LOVE Star Wars films and couldn't see this film fast enough. All I can say is what was that all about? It was quite boring. Did anyone even edit this film? Rey's character was not likable. The only person tolerable was Chewie. Leia died of shame. Nothing happened anyone cared about. The dialogue was not clever. The film never went anywhere at all. It was just endless scenes of magical occurrences. People galloping on horses (read that again). Magic over kill. By the time the ending happened I didn't care anymore. I wanted to LOVE this movie, but I haven't been this bored in a long long time. I wish i felt differently.
452	adjudicated	3	I made it through the movie fine, but on the way out of the theater, I couldn't shake the deep feeling of being hunted. In the hallway, I turned around to see JJ Abrams skittering up a wall and clawing his way towards me on the ceiling. His neck stretched 10 feet until his head was right next to mine. "Did you liiiiike it?" he rasped. "Not really," I said. His mouth opened up five sizes too big, a great gaping black hole that began inhaling bits of popcorn and detritus off the floor, at one point almost consuming a passing toddler. "Just make it out of here," I kept telling myself. "Just make it outside and get to your car."
453	adjudicated	3	I recently saw a review on YouTube that made me think about this last Disney trilogy and I almost came to accept that maybe I was wrong and the story arc for Luke and Leia made sense. But then I realize that these movies had very little to do with any of the original movies characters and I digress. How Disney has turned this into a cash cow is shameless, greedy and inmoral. From the very beginning I expected a more dramatic movie, these characters have been with us for forty years! I don't understand why Mark Hamil was ignored when writing the script to these movies, nor why did these movies need a new story when there are decades of comics and books with lore and great stories? Disney had a once in a lifetime opportunity to conclude what George Lucas started almost half a century later, and they decided to turn this over to people who never read the source material nor cared about lore. During all these years Mark H never stopped being Luke and Carrie was Leia, they never took on roles that they were known for more. It saddens me that we will never have a memory of all our beloved original characters together for at least one scene at the end of this all.
454	adjudicated	3	I regret finally watching this. It may be the most soulless and tonally jarring movie I've ever watched. 55% of the dialogue is (not-so) witty quips, while the remainder is exposition with catchphrases spouted at random to fill in the gaps. There is an uncanny valley effect seeing characters engaged in "conversation" where everyone seems to respond with pre-programmed comebacks or unrelated narration. The formula here seems to be: fast-paced chases + fast-paced dialogue + callbacks = blockbuster hit! No need for subtle characterization that makes characters feel human (or alien), or building atmosphere with a sense of thematic purpose and letting the audience breathe it in. I know the problem isn't with the franchise itself, because I recently watched creators achieve these things with the Star Wars Visions short films like "The Village Bride" and "The Ninth Jedi", which were a wonder to behold.
455	adjudicated	1	I'm going to just gloss over the main points of this dumpster fire because if I don't this review could be a book. No explanation of how the Emperor survived the explosion of the Death Star over Endor. No explanation of WHY if he can make clones he's still using his crippled, old body when he could CLONE a new one. Palpatine is now Overdog from Space Hunter Adventures in the Forbidden Zone with a mechanical arm shoved up his posterior because you know, in Star Wars there aren't prosthetic bodies like Vader had....oh the stupid...but I digress. He's also a Space Vampire like Overdog that can drain life force to restore himself yet he didn't do that in ANY OTHER STAR WARS movie he was in. I nearly choked on my coffee when I saw him flinch away from Rey making a cross with two light sabers (like he's friggin Dracula). He uses force lightening to "attack" the Resistance fleet...nice new power we've never seen before. What is he Thanos now? No explanation of ANY of the RIDICULOUS force powers in this movie in general. Nobody trains, nobody has to work to achieve these powers, they just get them like some kind of Super Hero movie. The force is apparently a Star Trek transporter now that transports an object to Kylo Ren from Mary Sue Rey (who is God-Mod-Level Mary Sue in this) which allows Klyo to find her. Oh and Princess Leia was a Jedi, had a lightsaber, and can use the force like a master Jedi...because why not? She also so dies in the most lame way. Snoke was Palpatine's creation and he has new replacement Snokes in Jars (yeah...stupid). Also, Star Destroyers now have a planet-killing beam cannon even though they're only Imperial I style and not the size of an Eclipse or Sovereign class SSD. This fleet is hidden under ice, who knows where the crew came from, or how they were fed, none of it is explained and so it just comes off as cheap and contrived. There's a lot more, but the main reason this is a 1-star for me is because it totally makes everything that Luke did to save Anakin a moot point and a wasted endeavor. Why bother with these sequels if all these did was trash what the original trilogy established? The prequels were not great, but they didn't destroy any of what came before. They were original stories that told us how Anakin became Vader and in that they succeeded. In this Disney Trilogy everything that was created in the first 6-films is now pointless. None of it matters because Palpatine won. He succeeded in killing Kylo Ren (the last actual Skywalker) and wiping out Luke's legacy. Rey is Palpatine's granddaughter, so her taking Luke's last name (she just declares herself a Skywalker), taking his moisture farm, taking his X-wing, and essentially taking away and destroying his legacy makes me think this movie should have been titled "Demise of Skywalker".
456	adjudicated	1	I'm gonna start with the good. I love almost everything with Kylo/Ben (I even don't mind the kiss scene, whatever). To me, he is probably the one character in this sequel trilogy that has a consistent arc all throughout. I love that he redeemed himself, his fight scene with the knights (even though they are USELESS in this trilogy) is great, his fight with Rey at the Death Star is probably my favorite moment of the entire movie. I like his scene with Han, and even with all we know about the situation with Carrie Fisher, I think they handled they relationship fine, the fact that her death is what makes him turn to the light side again is beautiful. Again, the only character that has an arc throughout, he is by far my favorite thing about this trilogy.
457	adjudicated	2	I'm in Shock at how the Writers had a Gem Stone of a Story, in Rey Potentially Uniting With Kylo Ren and Becoming the most Powerful Force in the Galaxy. This would of set the course for the Next 3 Movies with Rey and Kylo Ren being the Villains and opening up the Flood Gates for more interesting protagonists to come in and try and overthrow their Rule.
458	adjudicated	3	If this was a standalone, none Star Wars movie, I would say this movie was watchable, and score it a 5. But being a Star Wars movie with a distinct purpose, it falls flat with a meaningless storyline and non emotional action sequences. Still trying to wrap my head around some people trashing the prequel trilogies, which did have their minor flaws, and praising this sequel trilogy, which was one, big gigantic flaw !
459	adjudicated	3	In 2015 JJ Abrams had the daunting but almost impossible task to come up with a new Star Wars movie that would not only entertain the critical old fans but also satisfy the new ones. His trick? He introduced new characters and made a remake of A New Hope. For me that worked fine.
460	adjudicated	3	It has been quite some time since I got excited about this franchise; I guess the TV shows maybe are doing more at the minute, but for the films there is little to get excited about within them, and probably far too many of them being made for all the 'proper' fan to make it a date. Rise of Skywalker had been largely panned by viewers and critics, but I decided it was a good Friday night sort of film - one that doesn't take too much effort to watch. I was correct because this film really doesn't have much of a plot to care about, and seems to have been patched together without a lot of thought to the whole.
461	adjudicated	1	It made tons of money yes,, but for me I wished there was only the original trilogy started in 1977 and it all ended with Empire Strikes Back.. the following 6 films afterwards were completes messes... Everyone gets excited about the trailers then gets let down as there was NOTHING new, just rehashing the original concept over and over and over again.. They had no idea how to handle Hans, Luke and Leah coming back other then to kill off and/or minimize them.. It was a slap in the face to the original movie goers in the 1970's who helped launch the series.. thanks for making our heroes "ghosts"...
462	adjudicated	2	It's not George Lucas' vision. The main crew doesn't have the same chemistry has the original one. It has some loose ends... This why it doesn't deserve 10/10. It's the first (on the new trilogy) with a proper original story. TFA was like a remake of ANH and TLJ was a mix of moments of ROTJ and TESB. This one has its own idea, and it's a good one. We can argue about some loose ends, for sure. But the story doesn't fail our expectations, it respects SW heritage and conflicts (the main one, the inner conflict to go down a dark path). It's frantic and has amazing battles, fine light saber duels, it gives Rey a solid background. There is a lot to like. Forget about most reviews and enjoy!
463	adjudicated	3	JJ is Hollywood's go-to guy for whoring out and regurgitating films. The fact he actually thinks he's a filmmaker is hilarious. While many would describe him as a crowd-pleaser, it's more accurate to say he has a certain vindictiveness towards the audience, and an antipathy for making creative movies. He hates the entire process and obviously takes a joyful glee in despoiling it.
464	adjudicated	3	Nearly two weeks on, I'd hoped I would have a better handle on my opinion of Episode IX by now, but frankly... I'm not sure I do.
465	adjudicated	3	No words can describe how bad this film is. no story to tell, no characters to entertain.
466	adjudicated	2	Ok, so Leia is a Jedi Master, apparently. Yep, let that sink in for a second. All the things you've grown to hate about the modern interpretation of Star Wars are there, with none of the charm, subtlety or sincerity of the originals. The whole movie is basically a plotless, intergalactic scavenger hunt. We need to go here and find that, so we can go there and get this and then go there and do that. The whole second act could be removed and the outcome would be the same. And the shmaltz, don't they layer it on thick, and at every opportunity. And there are the usual nonsensical happenings that plague this series. It all makes no sense and feels like what it is, an overblown copy of something that was once magic and so very loved, but is now a soulless husk.
467	adjudicated	3	Out of all the new Star Wars movies this had the most Star Wars feeling. It gave fans all those moments they wanted from last Jedi but didn't get. Finally there is a villain to be afraid of and there are some great scenes that will be remembered for a long time. Kylo Ren is again the best part of the movie. The only problem I had is that some things were rushed but you could see that abrams was trying to fix the narrative after rian Johnson toyed with it. In all it's a fun and good movie for Star Wars enthusiasts. Ignore critics review just like return of the Jedi got shafted by critics. This movie does not deserve the criticism it is receiving
468	adjudicated	3	Pathetic copying of the storylines by previous two parts from first trilogy regressed at the end to very sad ending of creativity and storytelling. Chaotic storyline, forced events, but mostly teleportation and resurrection crossed the final line and proved that there was no story to tell. It was forced on screen purely for the purpose of making profit not cult movie. Star Wars was dead in minds of creators of The Rise of Skywalker, but they decided to keep kicking dead horse anyway. Very sad to see it happen with my own eyes.
469	adjudicated	3	Perfect ending, perfect fights, perfect space battles, great story, everything you have been waiting for in last two you get times 10
470	adjudicated	3	Please, hang with me. This is a fairly long review. I'm going to say some things that some readers will disagree with, some things they might find offensive, and I'm sorry about that. I adore Star Wars and hope that people who disagree can still engage in healthy, respectful discussion. My Star Wars fan friends disagree with each other about certain parts of the saga, but we always remain respectful, and we have plenty of fun and insightful conversations. Hopefully readers will use this review as jumping off point for conversations of their own.
471	adjudicated	3	Say what you want about the prequels, so many flaws, but some great stuff too. The lightsaber fights were amazing. They also felt like the Star Wars universe, they were just silly in a lot of places, but this film, along with it's predecessor, are muddled.
472	adjudicated	3	Seriously, this movie should have swept the Razzies. The cast is trying so hard, they really are. But there was never any saving this mess from the constant rewrites, lack of any trilogy planning, JJ Abrams-isms, and comeplte disconnect from the fans that Disney has proven with this franchise.
473	adjudicated	3	So it motivated me to finally register and add my own reviews.
474	adjudicated	3	Star Wars: Episode IX - The Rise of Skywalker is a soulless film and a commemoration piece.
475	adjudicated	3	Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker begins with Emperor Palpatine's voice. J. J. Abrams imitates everything from the original trilogy that he didn't already clone in 2015's The Force Awakens. Rey suffers from flashback (again) and is constantly reminded of her parents. J. J. Abrams' second Star Wars film is Rise of Skywalker.
476	adjudicated	3	The "Force Awakens" played it very safely and for the most part did it well enough to please most people, "Last Jedi" took some huge chances(that didn't pay off) and experimented, which left people divided.. This is just stupid, very very stupid!
477	adjudicated	3	The apparent end of the Star Wars franchise was what I expected. I don't see how they would expand the franchise beyond here, and I hope that they don't. Carrie Fisher deserves to rest in peace.
478	adjudicated	3	The best Star Wars is in my opinion spaceballs. Innovative, fun, entertaining, environmentally related even deep. Plus, it does not need nine attempts to tell a clear, comprehensive and cohesive story.
479	adjudicated	3	The good news: finally the story of the Skywalkers is done and finished for good. The bad news: all in all Mr. Lucas should have left the original triology (Ep. IV-VI) alone: everything added ist just more or less bad with some nice explosions and CGI, terrible and incoherent storylines, boring characters, and last but not least an excellent example of redundance.
480	adjudicated	3	The good: Cinematography Music
481	adjudicated	3	The Rise of Skywalker is by far the worst Star Wars film. In this film they completely destroyed the character of Finn, making him very unimportant.
482	adjudicated	3	The story makes no sense
483	adjudicated	3	These incoherent, ridiculous pieces of crap, the last three Star Wars movies (7,8,9), make you appreciate the prequels (1,2,3). At least the prequels had a decent story and character development.
484	adjudicated	3	This and the entire sequel trilogy is nothing more than a billion dollar corporate money grab. It has just as much claim to being serious as the Star Wars Holiday Special does. Heck, the Holiday Special had all the original actors! These people? So bad they are not even aware of their own ignorance.
485	adjudicated	3	This is the most poorly written movie I have ever seen in my life;
486	adjudicated	3	This isn't George Lucas vision of Star Wars. Neither is it some talented and visionary directors vision of Star Wars. This isn't even a high budgeted and dedicated fan movie. This is basically just a movie made by a committee - a movie made by a corporation, trying to pander and please as many demographics as possible. Like; we need to have 50% men and 50% women in the movie - we need to have 25% Asians, 25% Africans, 25% Hispanics and 25% Caucasians (who of course mostly should be evil). There needs to be 27% action, 23% humor, 15% suspense, 18% romance, 19% nostalgia etc. We need to get the old fans back, and we need to lure new and young ones in. We need to introduce a certain amount of new cute and cool creatures, characters, weapons and vehicles that can be sold as toys and put on merchandise.
487	adjudicated	3	This movie is just a mess. If fanbase is mad at Rian Johnson than maybe this movie is perfect for them ... The characters didn't know what to do and J.J. deleted The Last Jedi so this is basically not a trilogy. The only thing I'm happy about is the screentime that Rose got, I couldn't stand her in The Last Jedi. Also, Adam Driver carried this trilogy and that is sad, not because he is a bad actor (he is one of the best actors of this generation) but because it is Star Wars.
488	adjudicated	3	This movie makes no sense. The story jumps from McGuffin to McGuffin, things just happen randomly to keep the movie going and the plot has more holes than Swiss cheese. Finn, one of the main characters of the first sequel movie, is now basically an extra and it's sad to see him reduced to a delivery machine for bad jokes. Don't think so? Well, John Boyega does. This is basically a bad fan fiction with Jar Jar Abrams desperately trying to fix Rian Johnson's middle finger to the Star Wars fans, unfortunately he fails miserably. After mastering every single Jedi skill without ever hearing of it and beating an experienced user of the dark side with ease, Rey Sue can now heal and revive people with the force - maybe she should do the same to Disney's Star Wars. Avoid this movie if you are a Star Wars fan and enjoy good story telling in general. Watch it if you don't care about Star Wars but are easily entertained. If coherent plot, respectful handling of your favorite characters and logic aren't your thing you can definitely find joy in the excellent CGI, cinematography and mostly good acting. We've come to a point where computer animations are so stunning that they make people believe they were watching something good - just look at the massive success of the Transformers movies. At least they didn't turn Optimus Prime into a hermit that lost all his positive vibes and just wants the Decepticons to win while drinking green milk directly from some alien tiddys.
489	adjudicated	3	This was a boring film. The Mary Sue is still there being a Mary Sue and defying the rules of the force. They also shoehorn a forced relationship.
490	adjudicated	1	This was just rubbish, totally trashed the Star Wars storyline. So basically the palpatine name wiped out the skywalker line and assumed the skywalker name in the end. Just complete junk.....I cannot believe this movie is rated so well. The 3 new Star Wars that came out totally ruined the franchise. The story is terrible, it's too rushed, and just does not have the Star Wars feel. It would have been infinitely better if Rey had actually been a skywalker, but no she's a flipping palpatine!!Palpatine!!! Complete garbage, these episodes need to be forgotten, and Disney needs to go back to the drawing board and get Lucas to direct them again. I mean, they had all the books there that could have drawn from, people would have been immensely happy had they just gone by what's already there, and built off of that, but no, They went off on their own stupid, ridiculous ideas that make no sense and, make it feel like every other trash, empty Hollywood blockbuster that has ever come out. COMPLETE GARBAGE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
491	adjudicated	3	Tick box agenda: 1) Bad screenplay - check 2) Bad casting - check 3) CGIdiocy - check 4) sketchy editing - check 5) subpar soundtrack - check 6) adequate cinematography - check 7) overall lameness - check 8) bad ending - check 9) childhood memories rewritten - check
492	adjudicated	3	To be honest I was somewhat enjoying the first part of the film, but then the second part started... Suddenly you leave "Star Wars" universe and enter the cheesiest realm of "Twilight zone"... At this stage all common sense is abandoned and you enter drug zone. My inner voice honestly wants to scream "What were you thinking"... Someone out there in "Disney" research department carefully picked all the good moments from "Original" trilogy and decided to throw them right into your face mixed with their own bad ideas to release it all in 40 min or so ...
493	adjudicated	1	To my mind this is the poorest Star Wars film of the whole Skywalker saga. Yes, even worse than The Phantom Menace and The Last Jedi. This movie has no heart. It's a messy CGI snoozefest. The only bit of nostalgic feel good factor comes at the end of the movie, but we've had to sit through so many McGuffin's and plot contrivances by then that nobody cares. I love Carrie Fisher and mourn her passing but the re-utilised footage is distracting and doesn't really work. Also the whole "they're dead..no they're not dead" thing is overused and leads to a low stakes story. How much more moving & dramatic it would have been to say goodbye to Chewie and C3PO but this film is too safe to go there. The whole Palpatine thing is boring & riddled with plot holes. The film fails to hold interest and is a hugely disappointing end to the saga.
494	adjudicated	1	TROS combines the obvious, simplistic conclusion to an arc that Return of the Jedi had with rushed and emotionless attempts at character development. I think when evaluating the sequel trilogy, the issue of a lack of a consistent narrative across the trilogy hurts all three films in the larger story, so I mostly consider each film on its own merits. Each of them and the trilogy would have been much better off with a single writer and vision of the direction the trilogy should go, but since we didn't have that, each movie should just be judged on its own merits. On those grounds, The Rise of Skywalker fails to convince the audience of its character arcs or generate any investment in the inevitable outcome. Rey is severely underwritten, as we don't know to what extent she's really tempted by the Sith or her reasons for and against; all we get is fear of a vision and her family backstory. Kylo had a crucial arc in the previous film which was promptly thrown out the window here in favor of literally the same arc, just done worse. Once again he is told by a higher power to kill Rey, and while he initially tries to turn her, he eventually sides with her. We get a bizarre scene with Han where Kylo is sad and apparently coming around, but it rings hollow because we've seen it before and none of the reasons behind the turn this time are shown. Plenty of plot points don't make sense (how does Palpatine return? lazy writing anyways; how does Rey using a second light saber give her the upper hand? Why doesn't she have all the Sith rush into her as she was assured would happen moments before?), but even beyond that, no emotional beats in the film hit because it's all so contrived. This film feels most on the side of personal rather than true galactic stakes, as we only see effects on others when all the ships come in at the end, and those personal stakes never feel real because of the inevitability of the ending. The Rey/Kylo romance felt really strange, death is toyed with repeatedly for no reason (Chewbacca, Palpatine, Rey, and that girl Poe is into are all examples of this), and Rey going to Tattooine and calling herself Skywalker was the perfect nonsensical bow on top of the absurd film. I think some of the directions they try to take the movie are reasonable, but are poor choices given the decision to retcon the previous film and how little time they have to build different character arcs. Rather than build on VIII or set more realistic character goals for this one, they went all in and made a film that's hollow from start to finish. While it's representative of the disjointed trilogy overall, it's a shame that such a beloved franchise ended so underwhelmingly.
495	adjudicated	3	What a waste of resources. This subject- less, inept and low quality movie drags on for few hours, with total lack of fantasy, from stupid names of "Organa" to "Kylo Ren", with no new action but for years and years with the same " Boooooring stupidities" I wonder for whom are created this kind of garbage ? Even a 4 year old kid would make something better. And this is supposed to be the great Hollywood creation ! SHAME ON YOU Producers ! Shame for the money spend and for the constant abuse of our conscience of spectators !
496	adjudicated	3	When did Star Wars become Micheal Bay's Transformers? I know it's pretty much impossible to consistently follow-up the train wreck of The Last Jedi, but is this really the best they could come up with?
497	adjudicated	3	Words cannot describe the disgust that is this film. JJ Abrams did a standard job, worse than anything anybody could do/ever has done. Cheap cast, cartoonish so-called action, cheap effects for the sake of effects, not a single pretty cute girl men want to look at.
498	adjudicated	3	Wow, I can't even believe I'm writing this. I didn't expect much after Episode 8, but I held out some small hope Disney would course correct and deliver a somewhat watchable movie like Rogue One. If anything, I would enjoy Ian McDiarmid hamming it up. But there was truly not one good aspect about this film.
499	adjudicated	1	You probably read this before, but Palpatine is alive. How he survivived? Who cares.