0	jlee	3	"Batman Begins" is the best batman film made so far. While Tim Burton's 1989 movie is already a box office classic, Batman Begins has all of the gritty power that made Batman famous in the first place. Chris Nolan has done what Tim Burton and Joel Shumacher couldn't do, which is make a comic book film true to the actual comic. While Nolan's direction is amazing David s. Goyer's script is great. 
0	aha	3	"Batman Begins" is the best batman film made so far. While Tim Burton's 1989 movie is already a box office classic, Batman Begins has all of the gritty power that made Batman famous in the first place. Chris Nolan has done what Tim Burton and Joel Shumacher couldn't do, which is make a comic book film true to the actual comic. While Nolan's direction is amazing David s. Goyer's script is great. 
1	jlee	3	"Batman" is all about a man who battles his enemies and inner demons. It's about fear, acceptance, morality and reality: Batman is not a superhero, contrary to popular belief. He doesn't have extraordinary powers. He's human, physically and emotionally. That is why Batman has always appealed to me, and I imagine many others feel the same way.
1	aha	3	"Batman" is all about a man who battles his enemies and inner demons. It's about fear, acceptance, morality and reality: Batman is not a superhero, contrary to popular belief. He doesn't have extraordinary powers. He's human, physically and emotionally. That is why Batman has always appealed to me, and I imagine many others feel the same way.
2	jlee	3	"Batman" was created by Bob Kane in 1939 and in the sixties, a wacky version with gaudy colors was shot. The Batman saga was revived by Tim Burton and it started under auspicious skies with the two following novel chapters: "Batman" (1989) and "Batman Returns" (1992). With the arrival of Joel Schumacher, the series plumbed. "Batman Forever" (1995) and "Batman and Robin" (1997) were real downers which tarnished Batman's reputation. Due to this, Gotham City's most well-known inhabitant took refuge in his den and waited for things to evolute. In the meantime, he was upstaged by other superheroes like "Spiderman". Was there a future for Kane's son? Rather than pouncing on the elaboration of a new adventure (at one point, one even talked about the possibility of a story called "Batman vs Superman"), why not plumping for a streak which has been seizing the Hollywood firm for several years? Just look at the titles of the following works: "the Exorcist: the Beginning" (2004" or recently "the Texas Chainsaw Massacre: the Beginning" (2006). These titles give this inkling: to go back to the sources and roots and unearth what made Batman a myth. Like many moviegoers on this site, when I learned that Christopher Nolan was the heir of this work, I felt that the project was in good hands. I'm not a fan of his "Memento" (2000) but I recognize that he's a canonical filmmaker and this was largely conducive to Batman's rehabilitation.
2	aha	3	"Batman" was created by Bob Kane in 1939 and in the sixties, a wacky version with gaudy colors was shot. The Batman saga was revived by Tim Burton and it started under auspicious skies with the two following novel chapters: "Batman" (1989) and "Batman Returns" (1992). With the arrival of Joel Schumacher, the series plumbed. "Batman Forever" (1995) and "Batman and Robin" (1997) were real downers which tarnished Batman's reputation. Due to this, Gotham City's most well-known inhabitant took refuge in his den and waited for things to evolute. In the meantime, he was upstaged by other superheroes like "Spiderman". Was there a future for Kane's son? Rather than pouncing on the elaboration of a new adventure (at one point, one even talked about the possibility of a story called "Batman vs Superman"), why not plumping for a streak which has been seizing the Hollywood firm for several years? Just look at the titles of the following works: "the Exorcist: the Beginning" (2004" or recently "the Texas Chainsaw Massacre: the Beginning" (2006). These titles give this inkling: to go back to the sources and roots and unearth what made Batman a myth. Like many moviegoers on this site, when I learned that Christopher Nolan was the heir of this work, I felt that the project was in good hands. I'm not a fan of his "Memento" (2000) but I recognize that he's a canonical filmmaker and this was largely conducive to Batman's rehabilitation.
3	jlee	3	A new movie and an excellent start to the Batman series from Nola
3	aha	3	A new movie and an excellent start to the Batman series from Nola
4	jlee	3	A young Bruce Wayne watches in horror, as his parents are killed in front of him, later in life, he vows to remove the criminal element from Gotham City.
4	aha	1	A young Bruce Wayne watches in horror, as his parents are killed in front of him, later in life, he vows to remove the criminal element from Gotham City.
5	jlee	3	After all this time this still remains a very solid, not only Batman movie or superhero movie... but a solid movie all together! It was the movie thar revived Batman after his treatment in Batman and Robin! Nolan really did a fantastic job of making Batman cool again! Its made with so much love and care that almost any Batman or movie fan, can enjoy it!
5	aha	3	After all this time this still remains a very solid, not only Batman movie or superhero movie... but a solid movie all together! It was the movie thar revived Batman after his treatment in Batman and Robin! Nolan really did a fantastic job of making Batman cool again! Its made with so much love and care that almost any Batman or movie fan, can enjoy it!
6	jlee	2	After an excellent film, a great film and two diabolical films, there is finally a brilliant Batman film. Tim Burton's Batman offerings were undeniably superb and eclipsed their follow ups in greatness, but even then there were severe weaknesses in the Batman franchise's transfer from page to the big screen. Burton didn't manage to fully shake Batman's unfortunate "camp crusader" persona that the Dark Knight picked up from the terrible 1960s TV series. Though considerably darker, the high camp, pop art undertones that were never intended in the Batman comics were still present in Burton's films. Then of course, "Batman Forever" and "Batman and Robin" took that to an incredibly unnecessary extreme. Batman was lost. Thank heavens for Christopher Nolan. Obviously as disillusioned with the failing franchise as most of the disgruntled comic book fans, Nolan has managed to not only restore the dark, Gothic ambiance of the comics, but also take Batman to new heights, and "Batman Begins" is far more than a comic book adaptation. For the first time in a Batman movie, Bruce Wayne's introduction and character foundation is so fascinating and emotionally charged, that you are not merely waiting for him to put the Bat suit on for the first time. Being the first chapter chronologically in the Batman saga, Wayne's character pre - bat is essential to the success of the narrative. His motive for wanting to fight injustice and his childhood traumas are told so beautifully that the movie would almost work well enough if the Batman alter ego never came into play. But, of course, when he does, Batman really begins. Christian Bale is quite simply the best Batman audiences have ever had the privilege of viewing. For the first time, Batman really is a symbol of fear, as was the comic's intention. This is all thanks to Bale's flawless performance as the dark Knight. Criminals and do-gooders alike fear Batman. But, frightening as he is, he is just another Superhero in terms of fear when it comes to Cillian Murphy's Scarecrow. With the genius use of hallucinogens to enhance the fear, Scarecrow might just be the most frightening antagonist since "The Exorcist's" demon. The point of view shots from his victims are a more effective alternative to his character than just giving him superpowers. That way, Nolan manages to hold onto the film's overall sense of reality and drama. The film's most effective aspect is the darkness. The stunning set piece creates a nightmarish world that is pure fear incarnate, and with fear being the film's driving force, the darkness is perfectly placed. All of the supporting actors, bar none, are without imperfections in this movie, particularly Katie Holmes, who proves that she is more than a tabloid friendly teen idol. Its just a great shame that her performance in "Batman Begins" was very much overshadowed by her bizarre relationship with Tom Cruise. Michael Caine is severely amiable as Alfred, and the eternally impressive Gary Oldman delivers yet another excellent performance. But of course, it is Bale who steals the show. Obviously relishing the role, Bale makes Batman a character we've never had the privilege of meeting before. More than a straight talking superhero armed with one liners. Batman, thanks to Bale, is now an emotionally unstable, fear inducing warrior. Batman Begins is free from superhero cliché and camp humour. It is, finally, a real Batman movie. The dreaded prison break scene is no less than amazing, and the subsequent parade of justice and optimism, combined with a considerate reference to a legendary Batman enemy, make this film perfect from start to finish.
6	aha	2	After an excellent film, a great film and two diabolical films, there is finally a brilliant Batman film. Tim Burton's Batman offerings were undeniably superb and eclipsed their follow ups in greatness, but even then there were severe weaknesses in the Batman franchise's transfer from page to the big screen. Burton didn't manage to fully shake Batman's unfortunate "camp crusader" persona that the Dark Knight picked up from the terrible 1960s TV series. Though considerably darker, the high camp, pop art undertones that were never intended in the Batman comics were still present in Burton's films. Then of course, "Batman Forever" and "Batman and Robin" took that to an incredibly unnecessary extreme. Batman was lost. Thank heavens for Christopher Nolan. Obviously as disillusioned with the failing franchise as most of the disgruntled comic book fans, Nolan has managed to not only restore the dark, Gothic ambiance of the comics, but also take Batman to new heights, and "Batman Begins" is far more than a comic book adaptation. For the first time in a Batman movie, Bruce Wayne's introduction and character foundation is so fascinating and emotionally charged, that you are not merely waiting for him to put the Bat suit on for the first time. Being the first chapter chronologically in the Batman saga, Wayne's character pre - bat is essential to the success of the narrative. His motive for wanting to fight injustice and his childhood traumas are told so beautifully that the movie would almost work well enough if the Batman alter ego never came into play. But, of course, when he does, Batman really begins. Christian Bale is quite simply the best Batman audiences have ever had the privilege of viewing. For the first time, Batman really is a symbol of fear, as was the comic's intention. This is all thanks to Bale's flawless performance as the dark Knight. Criminals and do-gooders alike fear Batman. But, frightening as he is, he is just another Superhero in terms of fear when it comes to Cillian Murphy's Scarecrow. With the genius use of hallucinogens to enhance the fear, Scarecrow might just be the most frightening antagonist since "The Exorcist's" demon. The point of view shots from his victims are a more effective alternative to his character than just giving him superpowers. That way, Nolan manages to hold onto the film's overall sense of reality and drama. The film's most effective aspect is the darkness. The stunning set piece creates a nightmarish world that is pure fear incarnate, and with fear being the film's driving force, the darkness is perfectly placed. All of the supporting actors, bar none, are without imperfections in this movie, particularly Katie Holmes, who proves that she is more than a tabloid friendly teen idol. Its just a great shame that her performance in "Batman Begins" was very much overshadowed by her bizarre relationship with Tom Cruise. Michael Caine is severely amiable as Alfred, and the eternally impressive Gary Oldman delivers yet another excellent performance. But of course, it is Bale who steals the show. Obviously relishing the role, Bale makes Batman a character we've never had the privilege of meeting before. More than a straight talking superhero armed with one liners. Batman, thanks to Bale, is now an emotionally unstable, fear inducing warrior. Batman Begins is free from superhero cliché and camp humour. It is, finally, a real Batman movie. The dreaded prison break scene is no less than amazing, and the subsequent parade of justice and optimism, combined with a considerate reference to a legendary Batman enemy, make this film perfect from start to finish.
7	jlee	3	All i can say is thank you Chris Nolan,,,I still think you will have to be a magician to beat Tim Burton's Batman film's but Nolan has is well on his way to becoming Houdini. This is a film that describe's Batman as he was in the comics and i think as Bob Kane imagined...So how has Nolan done it..Simple..i've seen the xtras on the Region 2 DVD and it appears that he didn't rush anything and really worked hard on this and recruited the best of the best in the movie making business,it's an extremely hard character to portray and a risky franchise as a director to do a good job as Joel Schumacher found out. He has had some good films like The Lost Boys etc but his take on the Batman was purely a joke and i think he had potentially ruined a huge money making franchise...But however it has been saved with Nolan's amazing take on Gotham and Christian Bale's Dark Knight which truly is an amazing likeness to the comics,,,This film has everything that we wanted and more because it has a beginning a middle and an amazing end which makes batfan's itching for more and a sequel which promises just that,,,it has an all star cast too,Morgan Freeman and doing an amazing job in succeeding the great Michael Gough's Alfred we have Michael Caine..The villain is the Scarecrow but in true Gotham Style there are more corrupt going's on in Gotham than good and who are they gonna call to clean it up..Simple.....THE BATMAN...This film has more gadget's and lifelike special effects than any other Batman Film so it's definitely one to watch..Thanks and i hope you enjoy it as much as i did..
7	aha	2	All i can say is thank you Chris Nolan,,,I still think you will have to be a magician to beat Tim Burton's Batman film's but Nolan has is well on his way to becoming Houdini. This is a film that describe's Batman as he was in the comics and i think as Bob Kane imagined...So how has Nolan done it..Simple..i've seen the xtras on the Region 2 DVD and it appears that he didn't rush anything and really worked hard on this and recruited the best of the best in the movie making business,it's an extremely hard character to portray and a risky franchise as a director to do a good job as Joel Schumacher found out. He has had some good films like The Lost Boys etc but his take on the Batman was purely a joke and i think he had potentially ruined a huge money making franchise...But however it has been saved with Nolan's amazing take on Gotham and Christian Bale's Dark Knight which truly is an amazing likeness to the comics,,,This film has everything that we wanted and more because it has a beginning a middle and an amazing end which makes batfan's itching for more and a sequel which promises just that,,,it has an all star cast too,Morgan Freeman and doing an amazing job in succeeding the great Michael Gough's Alfred we have Michael Caine..The villain is the Scarecrow but in true Gotham Style there are more corrupt going's on in Gotham than good and who are they gonna call to clean it up..Simple.....THE BATMAN...This film has more gadget's and lifelike special effects than any other Batman Film so it's definitely one to watch..Thanks and i hope you enjoy it as much as i did..
8	jlee	3	Almost ten years ago Warner Bros. declared the Batman franchise as dead as a teenager in a Friday The 13th film. After the abomination that was Batman & Robin WB felt as though fans would not be interested in seeing another Joel Shumacher helmed Batman film. WB was right. fast forward a few years and Director Christopher Nolan (Memento, Insomnia) & screenwriter David Goyer (The Blade trilogy) decide they have what it takes to resurrect the Batman franchise. Nolan & Goyer were right. Batman Begins is by far the best live action Batman film made. Nolan & Goyer did the best thing they could do to a franchise that was on it's way to looking like a live action Saturday morning cartoon. They wiped the slate clean and started it from the ground up, hence the title Batman Begins. Unlike the film predecessors Batman Begins stars and features Batman. Meaning Batman is the main character (He was only the main character in Batman: Mask Of The Phantasm an animated Batman movie)instead of his villains. Batman should have been titles The Joker. Batman Returns should have been called The Adventures Of Catwoman & The Penguin. Batman Forever should have been titled The Mental Misadventures Of The Riddler & Two Face. Batman & Robin should have been called.....Crap! The Movie. Batman Begins is the perfect title for a Batman movie because this movie is absolute Batman. The plot is smart & intelligent and his origin is entertaining as hell to watch unfold. Whoever casted Christian Bale as Batman, Michael Caine as Alfred, & Gary Oldman as Jim Gordon please stand up and take a bow. The casting was great. If I had to compare Batman Begins to any film I'd say it was like a cross between Spider-Man & The Bourne Identity. A great origin superhero movie mixed with a thinking man's action film. This is not dumbed down like any of those other Batman films (Batman Forever, Batman & Robin) it's smart, witty, & intelligent with out taking itself to seriously. I'm a comic book geek so I take my films based on comics very seriously. Until now Batman was never done right in Hollywood. For some stupid reason Hollywood kept trying like hell to channel the spirit of the goofy, campy television series of the '60's. Well that recipe has been tossed out the window. Not only is Batman Begins (In my opinion) the best movie of the summer, the most fun you'll have at the movies this summer, but the best superhero movie (granted he has no super powers) made. I only hope I walk out of The Fantastic 4 nearly as happy as I did with Batman Begins. Long live the new king of superhero/comic book movies. Welcome to Hollywood Batman, you have finally arrived. On a scale of 10 i give Batman Begins a 10 out of 10. Do not wait for video if you do you'll regret it.
8	aha	3	Almost ten years ago Warner Bros. declared the Batman franchise as dead as a teenager in a Friday The 13th film. After the abomination that was Batman & Robin WB felt as though fans would not be interested in seeing another Joel Shumacher helmed Batman film. WB was right. fast forward a few years and Director Christopher Nolan (Memento, Insomnia) & screenwriter David Goyer (The Blade trilogy) decide they have what it takes to resurrect the Batman franchise. Nolan & Goyer were right. Batman Begins is by far the best live action Batman film made. Nolan & Goyer did the best thing they could do to a franchise that was on it's way to looking like a live action Saturday morning cartoon. They wiped the slate clean and started it from the ground up, hence the title Batman Begins. Unlike the film predecessors Batman Begins stars and features Batman. Meaning Batman is the main character (He was only the main character in Batman: Mask Of The Phantasm an animated Batman movie)instead of his villains. Batman should have been titles The Joker. Batman Returns should have been called The Adventures Of Catwoman & The Penguin. Batman Forever should have been titled The Mental Misadventures Of The Riddler & Two Face. Batman & Robin should have been called.....Crap! The Movie. Batman Begins is the perfect title for a Batman movie because this movie is absolute Batman. The plot is smart & intelligent and his origin is entertaining as hell to watch unfold. Whoever casted Christian Bale as Batman, Michael Caine as Alfred, & Gary Oldman as Jim Gordon please stand up and take a bow. The casting was great. If I had to compare Batman Begins to any film I'd say it was like a cross between Spider-Man & The Bourne Identity. A great origin superhero movie mixed with a thinking man's action film. This is not dumbed down like any of those other Batman films (Batman Forever, Batman & Robin) it's smart, witty, & intelligent with out taking itself to seriously. I'm a comic book geek so I take my films based on comics very seriously. Until now Batman was never done right in Hollywood. For some stupid reason Hollywood kept trying like hell to channel the spirit of the goofy, campy television series of the '60's. Well that recipe has been tossed out the window. Not only is Batman Begins (In my opinion) the best movie of the summer, the most fun you'll have at the movies this summer, but the best superhero movie (granted he has no super powers) made. I only hope I walk out of The Fantastic 4 nearly as happy as I did with Batman Begins. Long live the new king of superhero/comic book movies. Welcome to Hollywood Batman, you have finally arrived. On a scale of 10 i give Batman Begins a 10 out of 10. Do not wait for video if you do you'll regret it.
9	jlee	3	As a longtime fan of the Batman comic I am always glad to hear a new Batman movie. The amazing thing about the Batman character over most other super heroes is that Batman has NO powers. He is just a guy, a rich guy yes, but not super human in any respect. Unlike Superman or most other titans, this guy can be killed and won't come back from the dead, of course the comic brings in new writers and they start another story line parallel for the character.
9	aha	1	As a longtime fan of the Batman comic I am always glad to hear a new Batman movie. The amazing thing about the Batman character over most other super heroes is that Batman has NO powers. He is just a guy, a rich guy yes, but not super human in any respect. Unlike Superman or most other titans, this guy can be killed and won't come back from the dead, of course the comic brings in new writers and they start another story line parallel for the character.
10	jlee	3	As an old Batman fan, I've been extremely disappointed in all of the former Batman movies. Overall, they lacked solid story lines, were far too light-hearted and trivialized the comic into a special effects nightmare without any substance or quality.
10	aha	3	As an old Batman fan, I've been extremely disappointed in all of the former Batman movies. Overall, they lacked solid story lines, were far too light-hearted and trivialized the comic into a special effects nightmare without any substance or quality.
11	jlee	3	As much as I enjoyed Tim Burton's first two film's I think this new effort will leave audiences rethinking just how good they actually are and will look at Batman Begins as arguably the best of all of them in the genre. The film begins with Bruce Wayne (Christian Bale) who's somewhere in the mountains of Asia in a prison camp until he meets Henri Ducard (Liam Neeson) who takes him under his wing and introduces him to the League of Shadows.
11	aha	3	As much as I enjoyed Tim Burton's first two film's I think this new effort will leave audiences rethinking just how good they actually are and will look at Batman Begins as arguably the best of all of them in the genre. The film begins with Bruce Wayne (Christian Bale) who's somewhere in the mountains of Asia in a prison camp until he meets Henri Ducard (Liam Neeson) who takes him under his wing and introduces him to the League of Shadows.
12	jlee	3	Batman Begins
12	aha	3	Batman Begins
13	jlee	3	Batman Begins (2005)
13	aha	3	Batman Begins (2005)
14	jlee	3	Batman Begins blows Tim Burton/Shumacher movies COMPLETELY out of the water and hands down the best superhero movie I've ever seen...period. It's got it all; action, comedy, drama, suspense and fantasy brought together so eloquently by Christopher Nolan (Memento, The Prestige) along with tight direction, cinematography, and astounding special effects with a sense of verisimilitude so strong and effective throughout it comes together in a stellar package. And Christian Bale is simply superb in the role; making Batman dark and brooding, the way he should be. Many have criticized Katie Holmes, but I liked her in this film (especially in Pieces of April, Abandon, The Gift). The villains also get top billing and are far more menacing and three dimensional than before. The original movies were good in their day but they pale in comparison to what Nolan and co brought to the big screen because staying true to the source material pays off and is more engrossing in the end. Some superhero movies have tried to go the other way around resulting in failure but this film nailed it spot on. My main complaint is the fight scenes were too heavily edited. Hopefully they will be fleshed out in the next film. I enjoyed Spider-Man and X-Men and their sequels (except the third installments) and Iron Man respectively but Batman will always be my favorite superhero and with the sequel approaching this summer, it's gonna be one hell of a treat.
14	aha	2	Batman Begins blows Tim Burton/Shumacher movies COMPLETELY out of the water and hands down the best superhero movie I've ever seen...period. It's got it all; action, comedy, drama, suspense and fantasy brought together so eloquently by Christopher Nolan (Memento, The Prestige) along with tight direction, cinematography, and astounding special effects with a sense of verisimilitude so strong and effective throughout it comes together in a stellar package. And Christian Bale is simply superb in the role; making Batman dark and brooding, the way he should be. Many have criticized Katie Holmes, but I liked her in this film (especially in Pieces of April, Abandon, The Gift). The villains also get top billing and are far more menacing and three dimensional than before. The original movies were good in their day but they pale in comparison to what Nolan and co brought to the big screen because staying true to the source material pays off and is more engrossing in the end. Some superhero movies have tried to go the other way around resulting in failure but this film nailed it spot on. My main complaint is the fight scenes were too heavily edited. Hopefully they will be fleshed out in the next film. I enjoyed Spider-Man and X-Men and their sequels (except the third installments) and Iron Man respectively but Batman will always be my favorite superhero and with the sequel approaching this summer, it's gonna be one hell of a treat.
15	jlee	3	Batman Begins is directed by Christopher Nolan and is the first installment in the Dark Knight trilogy, one of the best series of films delivered to film audiences ever. Although The Dark Knight is usually considered the best of the three movies, some do consider Batman Begins the best, and understandably so. However, I do feel it has its share of problems. Let's talk about those.
15	aha	3	Batman Begins is directed by Christopher Nolan and is the first installment in the Dark Knight trilogy, one of the best series of films delivered to film audiences ever. Although The Dark Knight is usually considered the best of the three movies, some do consider Batman Begins the best, and understandably so. However, I do feel it has its share of problems. Let's talk about those.
16	jlee	3	Batman Begins is easily one of the best superhero movies ever made.the movie basically tells the story of the genesis of the caped crusader.obviously,there is a fair amount of character development involved,which you would expect based on the title.but not so much that the film becomes tedious.Batman is shown as more of a full dimensional character than in previous incarnations.this version is also more faithful to the comic.Director Christopher Nolan shows great skill as a director,pacing the film very well.there are also some touches of humour throughout and we get to see a more human side to Bruce Wayne.The villains are also more fully realized than in most movies of the genre,instead of simply being devices for the hero(the protagonist)to have a villain(antagonist)to defeat.Gary Oldman and Morgan Freeman are standouts in their respective roles,as is Liam Neeson.Katie Holmes Has yet to reach the level of maturity require for her role,so she is a bit weak.This Batman movie is less cartoonish than previous efforts,and is closer to the realm of realism(relatively speaking)the movie is also more thoughtful than many movies depicting superheros there is much more substance.in fact more substance than style,though it is just stylistic enough.All in all a brilliant depiction of the origin of the caped crusader.this movie sets the bar high for its successor,the Dark Knight,which is to be released sometime in 2008. 10/10
16	aha	2	Batman Begins is easily one of the best superhero movies ever made.the movie basically tells the story of the genesis of the caped crusader.obviously,there is a fair amount of character development involved,which you would expect based on the title.but not so much that the film becomes tedious.Batman is shown as more of a full dimensional character than in previous incarnations.this version is also more faithful to the comic.Director Christopher Nolan shows great skill as a director,pacing the film very well.there are also some touches of humour throughout and we get to see a more human side to Bruce Wayne.The villains are also more fully realized than in most movies of the genre,instead of simply being devices for the hero(the protagonist)to have a villain(antagonist)to defeat.Gary Oldman and Morgan Freeman are standouts in their respective roles,as is Liam Neeson.Katie Holmes Has yet to reach the level of maturity require for her role,so she is a bit weak.This Batman movie is less cartoonish than previous efforts,and is closer to the realm of realism(relatively speaking)the movie is also more thoughtful than many movies depicting superheros there is much more substance.in fact more substance than style,though it is just stylistic enough.All in all a brilliant depiction of the origin of the caped crusader.this movie sets the bar high for its successor,the Dark Knight,which is to be released sometime in 2008. 10/10
17	jlee	3	Batman Begins is one of the best super heroe movies ever made, is this movie Nolan not only tells you the origin of this character,it also humanizes him. This movie is more the journey of a man's self-encounter than the origin of a super hero, for me Christian Bale is the best Batman, but unfortunately the movie is not perfect, it has problems like, the Bruce Wayne's parents decide to go down the worst alley they see or Alfred beats a super trained ninja with a simple blow of a golf club, but all right in conclusion the movie is great but not perfect.
17	aha	2	Batman Begins is one of the best super heroe movies ever made, is this movie Nolan not only tells you the origin of this character,it also humanizes him. This movie is more the journey of a man's self-encounter than the origin of a super hero, for me Christian Bale is the best Batman, but unfortunately the movie is not perfect, it has problems like, the Bruce Wayne's parents decide to go down the worst alley they see or Alfred beats a super trained ninja with a simple blow of a golf club, but all right in conclusion the movie is great but not perfect.
18	jlee	3	Batman Begins is the first of three Batman movies directed by Christopher Nolan. With Christian Bale portraying the legendary protaganist the trilogy kicks off with a bang.
18	aha	3	Batman Begins is the first of three Batman movies directed by Christopher Nolan. With Christian Bale portraying the legendary protaganist the trilogy kicks off with a bang.
19	jlee	3	Batman Begins isn't another superhero movie in the line of Spider- Man, the X- Men or the Hulk. In fact, even if you don't care for Batman or any of his costumed colleagues, you can still enjoy this film as a good action- thriller. It doesn't thrive on special effects and big action scenes but offers a decent story with lots of attention to character development. The movie is fairly low tech and because it doesn't rely on computer technology in the way other recent superhero movies do, it has an old school feel to it, kind of like an early 80s fantastic film or even Superman: The Movie. Of course, Batman Begins is much darker than Richard Donner's beauty, but the evolution of both main characters from youths, coming to terms with who they are, to caped crusaders is depicted in a similar way. As far as the actual crime fighting goes, this movie puts right everything that was done wrong in Batman Forever and Batman and Robin. Our hero's weapons are not covered with blinking lights, but sober and practical: no computer controlled Batarangs, but ninja stars shaped as a bat. No design costume, but military armor, decorated with a cape and mask. The Batmobile is no skyscraper climbing super car, but a rejected army vehicle put to new use that befits the general atmosphere of this movie. Batman doesn't fight villains in shiny outfits who fly around on supersonic gliders or have tentacles as arms. The bad guys in this film are real people: gangsters, a corrupt warden of a psychiatric ward, a martial arts specialist and lots of crooked cops. If you take into consideration that Batman Begins is based on the Year One comics, written by Sin City's Frank Miller, one cannot help noticing the similarity between Robert Rodriguez' newly created world and the one depicted in this movie. In fact, Sin City could just as well be Gotham City without Batman. So forget Joel Schumacher's monstrosities. In fact, Christopher Nolan has even gone one better than Tim Burton and created a credible movie with a good story, realistic characters and the filthiest setting the world's Darkest Knight has ever called home.
19	aha	1	Batman Begins isn't another superhero movie in the line of Spider- Man, the X- Men or the Hulk. In fact, even if you don't care for Batman or any of his costumed colleagues, you can still enjoy this film as a good action- thriller. It doesn't thrive on special effects and big action scenes but offers a decent story with lots of attention to character development. The movie is fairly low tech and because it doesn't rely on computer technology in the way other recent superhero movies do, it has an old school feel to it, kind of like an early 80s fantastic film or even Superman: The Movie. Of course, Batman Begins is much darker than Richard Donner's beauty, but the evolution of both main characters from youths, coming to terms with who they are, to caped crusaders is depicted in a similar way. As far as the actual crime fighting goes, this movie puts right everything that was done wrong in Batman Forever and Batman and Robin. Our hero's weapons are not covered with blinking lights, but sober and practical: no computer controlled Batarangs, but ninja stars shaped as a bat. No design costume, but military armor, decorated with a cape and mask. The Batmobile is no skyscraper climbing super car, but a rejected army vehicle put to new use that befits the general atmosphere of this movie. Batman doesn't fight villains in shiny outfits who fly around on supersonic gliders or have tentacles as arms. The bad guys in this film are real people: gangsters, a corrupt warden of a psychiatric ward, a martial arts specialist and lots of crooked cops. If you take into consideration that Batman Begins is based on the Year One comics, written by Sin City's Frank Miller, one cannot help noticing the similarity between Robert Rodriguez' newly created world and the one depicted in this movie. In fact, Sin City could just as well be Gotham City without Batman. So forget Joel Schumacher's monstrosities. In fact, Christopher Nolan has even gone one better than Tim Burton and created a credible movie with a good story, realistic characters and the filthiest setting the world's Darkest Knight has ever called home.
20	jlee	3	Batman Begins Its Like The Real Batman Movie We All Hope For I Mean "Batman" Of Tim Burton Its Good But Nothing Like This One Of Nolan 
20	aha	3	Batman Begins Its Like The Real Batman Movie We All Hope For I Mean "Batman" Of Tim Burton Its Good But Nothing Like This One Of Nolan 
21	jlee	3	BATMAN BEGINS rejuvenates if totally regenerates a film franchise . After Tim Burton's idiosyncratic vision of the comic strip , the film series became very stuck with the Joel Scumacher version . You wouldn't really blame Warner Bros if they'd ended the franchise there and then due the law of diminishing returns .Indeed it might have been seen as something of a risk casting so many big name ( Read expensive ) actors in one movie . The fact that on its first week of release it only entered the top ten weekly box office must have frightened the studio executives , only to have their fears extinguished where the movie rallied strongly spending two weeks at the top followed by several weeks in the top ten 
21	aha	3	BATMAN BEGINS rejuvenates if totally regenerates a film franchise . After Tim Burton's idiosyncratic vision of the comic strip , the film series became very stuck with the Joel Scumacher version . You wouldn't really blame Warner Bros if they'd ended the franchise there and then due the law of diminishing returns .Indeed it might have been seen as something of a risk casting so many big name ( Read expensive ) actors in one movie . The fact that on its first week of release it only entered the top ten weekly box office must have frightened the studio executives , only to have their fears extinguished where the movie rallied strongly spending two weeks at the top followed by several weeks in the top ten 
22	jlee	3	Bruce Wayne is lost. Seeking criminals to fight by getting locked up with them in south east Asia, he cuts a strong, skilled fighter but a sorry figure as his crusade for justice has turned sour and left him bitter and without direction. After being sought out by the league of shadows he is trained by the legendary fighter Ducard (Played by a Liam Neeson who does not seem like the same bored man who played Qui Gon Jinn) who adds the finishing touches to Bruce's skills showing him the arts of deception and the skills he needs to combat evil and to become an agent of Justice.
22	aha	2	Bruce Wayne is lost. Seeking criminals to fight by getting locked up with them in south east Asia, he cuts a strong, skilled fighter but a sorry figure as his crusade for justice has turned sour and left him bitter and without direction. After being sought out by the league of shadows he is trained by the legendary fighter Ducard (Played by a Liam Neeson who does not seem like the same bored man who played Qui Gon Jinn) who adds the finishing touches to Bruce's skills showing him the arts of deception and the skills he needs to combat evil and to become an agent of Justice.
23	jlee	2	Bruce Wayne is not a happy fella. Being trapped in a cave full of bats as a child left him full of fear, and he can only blame himself for the death of his parents at the hands of a typical street thug. However time has perverted this hurt into a bitter, hollow anger that has led him to the Far East where he fights criminals behind bars, seemingly to seek to quench his thirst for what he sees as "justice". Taken into a remote training facility for the League of Shadows by Ducard, Wayne learns the arts of deception, movement, combat and others but when he understands that justice is death for this group he leaves and returns to Gotham City. In his absence, the city has fallen into corruption and crime and, seeking a symbol of fear for the criminals, Wayne uses his skills and considerable assets to try and bring down this rule by way of a vigilante personae  The Batman. However, with few allies in this fight, will he be able to counter more than the smaller fish in the pond?
23	aha	1	Bruce Wayne is not a happy fella. Being trapped in a cave full of bats as a child left him full of fear, and he can only blame himself for the death of his parents at the hands of a typical street thug. However time has perverted this hurt into a bitter, hollow anger that has led him to the Far East where he fights criminals behind bars, seemingly to seek to quench his thirst for what he sees as "justice". Taken into a remote training facility for the League of Shadows by Ducard, Wayne learns the arts of deception, movement, combat and others but when he understands that justice is death for this group he leaves and returns to Gotham City. In his absence, the city has fallen into corruption and crime and, seeking a symbol of fear for the criminals, Wayne uses his skills and considerable assets to try and bring down this rule by way of a vigilante personae  The Batman. However, with few allies in this fight, will he be able to counter more than the smaller fish in the pond?
24	jlee	3	Christopher Nolan really outdid himself on this one, and so did everyone else involved in this movie. The trilogy is easily one of the best of all time, and I barely have any complaints.
24	aha	3	Christopher Nolan really outdid himself on this one, and so did everyone else involved in this movie. The trilogy is easily one of the best of all time, and I barely have any complaints.
25	jlee	3	Christopher Nolan undertook the difficult task of bringing back Gotham's savior and managed to pull it off in style. Nolan's tribute to the 'Caped Crusader' is a clean break from the twentieth century franchise that included Michael Keaton, Val Kilmer and George Clooney donning the mask of the great DC comic detective. The chiseled Christian Bale takes on the mantle of the 'Dark Knight' as Nolan delivers a gritty, edgy and, dare I say it, more realistic Batman than his predecessors, who inadvertently ended up making a parody of the superhero and his exploits. 
25	aha	2	Christopher Nolan undertook the difficult task of bringing back Gotham's savior and managed to pull it off in style. Nolan's tribute to the 'Caped Crusader' is a clean break from the twentieth century franchise that included Michael Keaton, Val Kilmer and George Clooney donning the mask of the great DC comic detective. The chiseled Christian Bale takes on the mantle of the 'Dark Knight' as Nolan delivers a gritty, edgy and, dare I say it, more realistic Batman than his predecessors, who inadvertently ended up making a parody of the superhero and his exploits. 
26	jlee	3	Christopher Nolan's "Batman Begins" is a welcome return to the Dark Knight's origins. From the snow swept opening in the East to the dark Gotham conclusion, this is a visual masterpiece.
26	aha	3	Christopher Nolan's "Batman Begins" is a welcome return to the Dark Knight's origins. From the snow swept opening in the East to the dark Gotham conclusion, this is a visual masterpiece.
27	jlee	3	finally a Batman that can erase from our memory the previous insults made by Burton and Schumacher. This is the movie all Batman fan wanted for a very long time now, the cast is perfect. bale is just excellent, the acting is good, You got actors of the size of Michael Caine, Morgan Freeman, Rutger Hauer, Gary Oldman, Liam Neeson, just amazing. The direction was very good and the story is pretty close to the comics book. I used to watch the original TV show when i was a kid and even then I was hoping for a darker Batman. The first movie came along and it was a kick below for everything I was hoping for in a Batman movie. All those previous flick were nothing but an slap in the face to Batman's fans around the world. Thank you mister Nolan for ignoring the previous films and give us the hope to forget the previous Batman movies. let consider this one the first Batman movie.
27	aha	3	finally a Batman that can erase from our memory the previous insults made by Burton and Schumacher. This is the movie all Batman fan wanted for a very long time now, the cast is perfect. bale is just excellent, the acting is good, You got actors of the size of Michael Caine, Morgan Freeman, Rutger Hauer, Gary Oldman, Liam Neeson, just amazing. The direction was very good and the story is pretty close to the comics book. I used to watch the original TV show when i was a kid and even then I was hoping for a darker Batman. The first movie came along and it was a kick below for everything I was hoping for in a Batman movie. All those previous flick were nothing but an slap in the face to Batman's fans around the world. Thank you mister Nolan for ignoring the previous films and give us the hope to forget the previous Batman movies. let consider this one the first Batman movie.
28	jlee	3	Finally, after the previous 2 outings of the caped crusader, the Batman franchise is back on track. Having been a big comic collector over the years and a long time fan of the Dark Knight, I was especially disappointed by 'Forever' and 'Batman and Robin'. To me, these film lost the essence of what drives Bruce Wayne to do what he does and turned Batman into more of a pop star than misunderstood hero.
28	aha	3	Finally, after the previous 2 outings of the caped crusader, the Batman franchise is back on track. Having been a big comic collector over the years and a long time fan of the Dark Knight, I was especially disappointed by 'Forever' and 'Batman and Robin'. To me, these film lost the essence of what drives Bruce Wayne to do what he does and turned Batman into more of a pop star than misunderstood hero.
29	jlee	3	First of all, let me just say that there is nothing wrong with Tim Burton's first two Batmans. They were both great films with strong acting, but Nolan has really nailed it here folks. This is the REAL Batman. It's dark, scary, serious, sad, and most of all it has a real world feel that makes the whole film believable. This film does not have any make believe action sequences like in DareDevil where he jumps 50 feet off of buildings and lands perfectly unharmed. Everything Batman does in this film any man could do if he trained hard enough and had all the right tools. If you are a fan of Blade Runner that you will love this film. And if your're just a fan of good movies than you'll still love this film. I recommend this film to anyone except small children and I seriously look forward to seeing Christian Bale return as the Dark Knight.
29	aha	3	First of all, let me just say that there is nothing wrong with Tim Burton's first two Batmans. They were both great films with strong acting, but Nolan has really nailed it here folks. This is the REAL Batman. It's dark, scary, serious, sad, and most of all it has a real world feel that makes the whole film believable. This film does not have any make believe action sequences like in DareDevil where he jumps 50 feet off of buildings and lands perfectly unharmed. Everything Batman does in this film any man could do if he trained hard enough and had all the right tools. If you are a fan of Blade Runner that you will love this film. And if your're just a fan of good movies than you'll still love this film. I recommend this film to anyone except small children and I seriously look forward to seeing Christian Bale return as the Dark Knight.
30	jlee	1	He's a billionaire. He is the heir to a very successful private enterprise, and he is devastatingly terrified of bats. Ever since falling down into a bat-infested cave, the bat has been the symbol of his dread. Following the murder of his parents, Bruce Wayne went in search of a way to stand up and fight the injustice in his city, living among criminals in Asia. While in prison, he meets a mysterious man named Rah's Al Guhl, who offers him a way to fight the world's corruption through a special type of training. When he realizes that the brand of justice is not the same as his own, Wayne returns to Gotham, and he does not like what he finds. Utilizing the training he had received, as well as the resources from Wayne Enterprise's Applied Sciences division, Bruce puts on the cowl and cape that we know and love, and he sets out to defend the city that his father worked so hard to preserve. The Caped Crusader has appeared in comic books and other mediums for decades, and the quest for a permanent success in a film portrayal was very elusive. Though Batman (1984) was a relative success, the failure in the projects that followed were enough to drown out this spark of triumph. The infamous Bat-nipples and such were too much for comic book geeks and the general public to handle. Thankfully, a new director named Christopher Nolan, who had just come off of a successful project called Memento (2000), took up the reins of the DC Comics icon. With the release of Batman Begins, the once depressingly faulty franchise was up to par with a more contemporary success, Sam Raimi's Spiderman. In contrast to what the previous films in the Batman franchise brought to the screen, this installation brought some major pieces: great themes, realistic action sequences, and depth to the main character(s). With a notably darker portrayal of Gotham's hero, this movie was a breakthrough for superhero flicks, and it has been a heavy influence on those hero movies that followed it. The only aspect of the film that the Academy recognized was the cinematography, which definitely deserved such attention. It was the sequel, The Dark Knight, which grabbed the most attention for Oscar categories. The biggest difference in this Batman movie is the themes. While the previous films tried to capture the cartoonish, comic book essence of the character, this one was as realistic as a fictional hero story can be. Tackling deep themes like redemption, rebirth, and standing up for one's beliefs, Batman Begins is much more than men in tights saying "POW" and "BAM". On a negative note, the acting is not quite up to par with the rest of the film's quality. Though it is not the worst acting in a Batman movie (see Batman & Robin), it is not the most well performed film either. Though this is the predecessor to the best superhero movie of all time, The Dark Knight, I strongly suggest that any interested viewer see this film first, as each of Nolan's trilogy plays off of the other films. Just make sure that you keep in mind that this isn't really as family-oriented as the Marvel movies (Avengers, Guardians of the Galaxy, etc.). This is the grownup's turn to appreciate the Caped Crusader.
30	aha	1	He's a billionaire. He is the heir to a very successful private enterprise, and he is devastatingly terrified of bats. Ever since falling down into a bat-infested cave, the bat has been the symbol of his dread. Following the murder of his parents, Bruce Wayne went in search of a way to stand up and fight the injustice in his city, living among criminals in Asia. While in prison, he meets a mysterious man named Rah's Al Guhl, who offers him a way to fight the world's corruption through a special type of training. When he realizes that the brand of justice is not the same as his own, Wayne returns to Gotham, and he does not like what he finds. Utilizing the training he had received, as well as the resources from Wayne Enterprise's Applied Sciences division, Bruce puts on the cowl and cape that we know and love, and he sets out to defend the city that his father worked so hard to preserve. The Caped Crusader has appeared in comic books and other mediums for decades, and the quest for a permanent success in a film portrayal was very elusive. Though Batman (1984) was a relative success, the failure in the projects that followed were enough to drown out this spark of triumph. The infamous Bat-nipples and such were too much for comic book geeks and the general public to handle. Thankfully, a new director named Christopher Nolan, who had just come off of a successful project called Memento (2000), took up the reins of the DC Comics icon. With the release of Batman Begins, the once depressingly faulty franchise was up to par with a more contemporary success, Sam Raimi's Spiderman. In contrast to what the previous films in the Batman franchise brought to the screen, this installation brought some major pieces: great themes, realistic action sequences, and depth to the main character(s). With a notably darker portrayal of Gotham's hero, this movie was a breakthrough for superhero flicks, and it has been a heavy influence on those hero movies that followed it. The only aspect of the film that the Academy recognized was the cinematography, which definitely deserved such attention. It was the sequel, The Dark Knight, which grabbed the most attention for Oscar categories. The biggest difference in this Batman movie is the themes. While the previous films tried to capture the cartoonish, comic book essence of the character, this one was as realistic as a fictional hero story can be. Tackling deep themes like redemption, rebirth, and standing up for one's beliefs, Batman Begins is much more than men in tights saying "POW" and "BAM". On a negative note, the acting is not quite up to par with the rest of the film's quality. Though it is not the worst acting in a Batman movie (see Batman & Robin), it is not the most well performed film either. Though this is the predecessor to the best superhero movie of all time, The Dark Knight, I strongly suggest that any interested viewer see this film first, as each of Nolan's trilogy plays off of the other films. Just make sure that you keep in mind that this isn't really as family-oriented as the Marvel movies (Avengers, Guardians of the Galaxy, etc.). This is the grownup's turn to appreciate the Caped Crusader.
31	jlee	1	I came into this movie with high expectations, but was increasingly disappointed by the end. There was no one aspect that really annoyed me, but rather a lot of smallish things that seemed to taint the experience. Firstly, I thought that Bale was a wise choice for Batman, although I've never really understood what Bruce Wayne has got to do with a bat, but that's not something you could pin on this movie. Well not completely anyway as they attempt to sort of explain it away with the whole fear symbol thing, and the well at the start - still nuts if you ask me... Anyway, that's not important, what is important is the confusion that engulfs our view of Bale throughout the movie. Some of the worst points being: His relationship with his parents - this is not presented very well, with his memories of his father more likely to furrow the brow than produce tears. Bale's motivations - they are not easily understood - why go see Wilkinson's mob boss after he kills the guy who killed his parents. This seems to be a random or arbitrary way to send him off on his quest. Also, what's the deal with his turning on Neeson and his cronies in such a big way on the spur of the moment? One minute he's learning from them - the next he almost kills them all. A tad abrupt perhaps? And speaking of Neeson and his League of Shadows, or whatever, I'll put it simply - their whole plot is ludicrous. How do a bunch of guys living on a mountain succeed in creating a depression in the biggest city in the world, and why do they think it better that a whole city should tear itself apart instead of live with a high level of crime. Surely they could wield the (unlikely) power they seem to have to improve the situation in Gotham? This leads me to the bad guys as a whole. Being from Ireland I was delighted to hear that the two main villains of the film were from here, but on viewing the film I was a bit let down by the way they were used. Neeson and Murphy are both excellent actors and could have been perfect as complicated modern bad guys, but I think they were let down by the script and direction. I was expecting something brilliant from the scarecrow character when he was shown initially, but it all went downhill after his introduction. All he gets to do is spray Batman with his fear thingy and then capitulate in a random sort of way as the plot comes to an end. Why does he turn into a wet blanket when Batman traces him to the asylum and what the hell is with the scene where he gets tazered while sitting on a horse! Neeson starts out very well as a mentor for Bale, but as soon as he comes back to initiate his insane plan he does not make the same impression. His last scene is also rubbish, bearing more of a resemblance to Speed 2 than a great villain death. Also can anyone tell me why a monorail has so much screen time in the film, I know his dad built it, but it's not that interesting... Possibly my biggest complaint about the film is the style with which they shot the action/fight scenes. It's funny that a much lesser known (and also quite silly) film, that also stars Christian Bale, has endlessly better action scenes. If the fight scenes of Batman Begins were more like those in Equilibrium then maybe I would have left the cinema feeling a whole lot more satisfied. As it is they feel like you are watching a brawl in fast-forward, through the bars of a cage. This must surely have annoyed a few people? Altogether, I got the feeling that a large part of the movie was a victim of committee-thinking. Scenes seemed to pop up out of nowhere as if a spare director had been allowed in on one day of the week. Examples of this were the scene where Katie Holmes' co-worker finds the thingummy in the crate - and is then killed. This had me wishing that they served headache tablets with the popcorn, and was made worse by Holmes' brief mention of it again - to explain why she was so crabby at that time - I mean what the hell!!! Anyway, it wasn't all bad, Freeman was fine as the Batmechanic and Michael Caine produced the only real comic moments of the Movie. I didn't think much of Katie Holmes' performance though, she had no central motivation or character trait and suffered from the wishy-washy style of a lot of the movie. Wilkinson and Oldman were also fine. To finish up I would ask those of you who gave this movie a ten: How can you give ten to a movie that has such a crappy, abrupt and ineffectual revelation scene where Bail reveals to Holmes that he is Batman, and how can you give ten to a movie in which Batman's voice sounds like a 12 year old kid playing in his plastic suit? It was almost as terrible as listening to Darth Vader's "Noooooooooooo".
31	aha	1	I came into this movie with high expectations, but was increasingly disappointed by the end. There was no one aspect that really annoyed me, but rather a lot of smallish things that seemed to taint the experience. Firstly, I thought that Bale was a wise choice for Batman, although I've never really understood what Bruce Wayne has got to do with a bat, but that's not something you could pin on this movie. Well not completely anyway as they attempt to sort of explain it away with the whole fear symbol thing, and the well at the start - still nuts if you ask me... Anyway, that's not important, what is important is the confusion that engulfs our view of Bale throughout the movie. Some of the worst points being: His relationship with his parents - this is not presented very well, with his memories of his father more likely to furrow the brow than produce tears. Bale's motivations - they are not easily understood - why go see Wilkinson's mob boss after he kills the guy who killed his parents. This seems to be a random or arbitrary way to send him off on his quest. Also, what's the deal with his turning on Neeson and his cronies in such a big way on the spur of the moment? One minute he's learning from them - the next he almost kills them all. A tad abrupt perhaps? And speaking of Neeson and his League of Shadows, or whatever, I'll put it simply - their whole plot is ludicrous. How do a bunch of guys living on a mountain succeed in creating a depression in the biggest city in the world, and why do they think it better that a whole city should tear itself apart instead of live with a high level of crime. Surely they could wield the (unlikely) power they seem to have to improve the situation in Gotham? This leads me to the bad guys as a whole. Being from Ireland I was delighted to hear that the two main villains of the film were from here, but on viewing the film I was a bit let down by the way they were used. Neeson and Murphy are both excellent actors and could have been perfect as complicated modern bad guys, but I think they were let down by the script and direction. I was expecting something brilliant from the scarecrow character when he was shown initially, but it all went downhill after his introduction. All he gets to do is spray Batman with his fear thingy and then capitulate in a random sort of way as the plot comes to an end. Why does he turn into a wet blanket when Batman traces him to the asylum and what the hell is with the scene where he gets tazered while sitting on a horse! Neeson starts out very well as a mentor for Bale, but as soon as he comes back to initiate his insane plan he does not make the same impression. His last scene is also rubbish, bearing more of a resemblance to Speed 2 than a great villain death. Also can anyone tell me why a monorail has so much screen time in the film, I know his dad built it, but it's not that interesting... Possibly my biggest complaint about the film is the style with which they shot the action/fight scenes. It's funny that a much lesser known (and also quite silly) film, that also stars Christian Bale, has endlessly better action scenes. If the fight scenes of Batman Begins were more like those in Equilibrium then maybe I would have left the cinema feeling a whole lot more satisfied. As it is they feel like you are watching a brawl in fast-forward, through the bars of a cage. This must surely have annoyed a few people? Altogether, I got the feeling that a large part of the movie was a victim of committee-thinking. Scenes seemed to pop up out of nowhere as if a spare director had been allowed in on one day of the week. Examples of this were the scene where Katie Holmes' co-worker finds the thingummy in the crate - and is then killed. This had me wishing that they served headache tablets with the popcorn, and was made worse by Holmes' brief mention of it again - to explain why she was so crabby at that time - I mean what the hell!!! Anyway, it wasn't all bad, Freeman was fine as the Batmechanic and Michael Caine produced the only real comic moments of the Movie. I didn't think much of Katie Holmes' performance though, she had no central motivation or character trait and suffered from the wishy-washy style of a lot of the movie. Wilkinson and Oldman were also fine. To finish up I would ask those of you who gave this movie a ten: How can you give ten to a movie that has such a crappy, abrupt and ineffectual revelation scene where Bail reveals to Holmes that he is Batman, and how can you give ten to a movie in which Batman's voice sounds like a 12 year old kid playing in his plastic suit? It was almost as terrible as listening to Darth Vader's "Noooooooooooo".
32	jlee	3	I can't believe you Batman fans! I can't believe anyone really liked this movie! It's a total BS film that destroyed the story of Batman. The movie wasn't even that enjoyable, it was brought more into a horror movie than a comic book or even a whimsical/corny TV show. Christain Bale as Batman? He's better than George Clooney, that's for sure, but he didn't give much depth to his character. It's like "Look! My voice can get scary! I'm Batman! No, really, I am!". Katie Holmes? I'm recently ticked off with her and Tom, so I'm going to back off and just pretend she wasn't in the movie at all. The villain? Who was it? There was no main one! 
32	aha	2	I can't believe you Batman fans! I can't believe anyone really liked this movie! It's a total BS film that destroyed the story of Batman. The movie wasn't even that enjoyable, it was brought more into a horror movie than a comic book or even a whimsical/corny TV show. Christain Bale as Batman? He's better than George Clooney, that's for sure, but he didn't give much depth to his character. It's like "Look! My voice can get scary! I'm Batman! No, really, I am!". Katie Holmes? I'm recently ticked off with her and Tom, so I'm going to back off and just pretend she wasn't in the movie at all. The villain? Who was it? There was no main one! 
33	jlee	3	I did not want to want to see BATMAN BEGINS. Viewing it in the theater required the temporary lifting of my boycott of mainstream American films. I've been dragged to far too many "blockbusters" in my day and have dished out ten hard-earned dollars for disappointment in return. Hollywood does not make films that very much interest me, but when I saw the credits block for BATMAN BEGINS (the cast, the director, the crew) I was intrigued. I eventually broke down and went to a matinée showing of BATMAN BEGINS and was greatly impressed. This however does not make me wrong about Hollywood. It simply shows that if you have a strong creative force behind a film, not even the devil himself can suppress it completely.
33	aha	3	I did not want to want to see BATMAN BEGINS. Viewing it in the theater required the temporary lifting of my boycott of mainstream American films. I've been dragged to far too many "blockbusters" in my day and have dished out ten hard-earned dollars for disappointment in return. Hollywood does not make films that very much interest me, but when I saw the credits block for BATMAN BEGINS (the cast, the director, the crew) I was intrigued. I eventually broke down and went to a matinée showing of BATMAN BEGINS and was greatly impressed. This however does not make me wrong about Hollywood. It simply shows that if you have a strong creative force behind a film, not even the devil himself can suppress it completely.
34	jlee	3	I don't like to argue with other users, but anyone who gave this movie a low score didn't see what I saw. Rubbishing "Batman Begins" because it wasn't directed by Tim Burton or Joel Schumacher, or it wasn't like the animated or live action TV series (or even the comic books) is pointless. If you want more of your own personal idealised vision of Batman, go and buy the relevant DVDs and leave this film alone. 
34	aha	3	I don't like to argue with other users, but anyone who gave this movie a low score didn't see what I saw. Rubbishing "Batman Begins" because it wasn't directed by Tim Burton or Joel Schumacher, or it wasn't like the animated or live action TV series (or even the comic books) is pointless. If you want more of your own personal idealised vision of Batman, go and buy the relevant DVDs and leave this film alone. 
35	jlee	3	I have had a long relationship with this film, I watch it every year or so to remind myself of how far I have come as a fan of movies. I want to be entertained, enjoy myself and be impressed at the techniques directors use in order to fully bring the piece to life. I don't want to give an overly internalized, pseudo intellectual, impenetrable, pretentious review pandering to grab peoples attention. I have gained such great enjoyment and developed such a strong affection for this film over the years that it is simply unparalleled. It's this particular one I keep going back to time and time again. It is without a doubt the measuring stick on how to make a big budget studio film that is essentially about characters and their different viewpoints, fleshed out and executed flawlessly.
35	aha	3	I have had a long relationship with this film, I watch it every year or so to remind myself of how far I have come as a fan of movies. I want to be entertained, enjoy myself and be impressed at the techniques directors use in order to fully bring the piece to life. I don't want to give an overly internalized, pseudo intellectual, impenetrable, pretentious review pandering to grab peoples attention. I have gained such great enjoyment and developed such a strong affection for this film over the years that it is simply unparalleled. It's this particular one I keep going back to time and time again. It is without a doubt the measuring stick on how to make a big budget studio film that is essentially about characters and their different viewpoints, fleshed out and executed flawlessly.
36	jlee	3	I just came back from a special screening of Batman Begins and I must say this is the best movie I have yet seen this year. All of the blockbuster movies I had seen this year with much expectation have been disappointing. But Batman Begins is not the typical corny action film; it incorporates all aspects of genre: action, fantasy, drama, and even comedy. I was at the edge of my seat from the thrills in some scenes and clapping & laughing from the humorous lines that director Christopher Nolan had written for the characters. I was really amazed by the acting performances from the new generation of actors, assuming that they wouldn't have been able to compete with and compliment the talented, veteran actors such as Michael Caine, Morgan Freeman, Gary Oldman, and Liam Neeson. I mean you couldn't have asked for better actors!! Christian Bale was just perfect for the role: he had the intensity, physique, and charm you'd expect a Batman character to encompass. Every actor was casted perfectly for their roles. I even give props to Katie Holmes for playing a district attorney considering her previous roles consisted of "the young girl" or "girlfriend". 
36	aha	3	I just came back from a special screening of Batman Begins and I must say this is the best movie I have yet seen this year. All of the blockbuster movies I had seen this year with much expectation have been disappointing. But Batman Begins is not the typical corny action film; it incorporates all aspects of genre: action, fantasy, drama, and even comedy. I was at the edge of my seat from the thrills in some scenes and clapping & laughing from the humorous lines that director Christopher Nolan had written for the characters. I was really amazed by the acting performances from the new generation of actors, assuming that they wouldn't have been able to compete with and compliment the talented, veteran actors such as Michael Caine, Morgan Freeman, Gary Oldman, and Liam Neeson. I mean you couldn't have asked for better actors!! Christian Bale was just perfect for the role: he had the intensity, physique, and charm you'd expect a Batman character to encompass. Every actor was casted perfectly for their roles. I even give props to Katie Holmes for playing a district attorney considering her previous roles consisted of "the young girl" or "girlfriend". 
37	jlee	3	I just rewatched this after 15 years and after Watching 15 years of mostly crappy action movies, including the Avengers movies of which a couple were the best we've seen in ages but they don't hold a candle to this version of Batman. It blows away the Keaton Batman and certainly the pathetic Clooney Batman and other weak attempts ....the Superman/Batman's were an 8 but this is far and away the best action movie ever and certainly the best Batman ever by far! Bale, Caine, Neeson, Holmes and Oldham were simply fantastic! It's just an awesome action flick, and it's Directed better than any other action movie I've seen in my 57 years. Even though it's 15 years old, it's still great.. a timeless movie that will be hard for anybody ever to beat. I'd forgotten just how good it is... If your a fan of recent Avenger movies kiddies, then watch this and you'll see what I'm talking about. A magnificent flick. Bale is without a doubt the best Batman ever!
37	aha	3	I just rewatched this after 15 years and after Watching 15 years of mostly crappy action movies, including the Avengers movies of which a couple were the best we've seen in ages but they don't hold a candle to this version of Batman. It blows away the Keaton Batman and certainly the pathetic Clooney Batman and other weak attempts ....the Superman/Batman's were an 8 but this is far and away the best action movie ever and certainly the best Batman ever by far! Bale, Caine, Neeson, Holmes and Oldham were simply fantastic! It's just an awesome action flick, and it's Directed better than any other action movie I've seen in my 57 years. Even though it's 15 years old, it's still great.. a timeless movie that will be hard for anybody ever to beat. I'd forgotten just how good it is... If your a fan of recent Avenger movies kiddies, then watch this and you'll see what I'm talking about. A magnificent flick. Bale is without a doubt the best Batman ever!
38	jlee	2	I never did like Batman since I was a kid. (Morgan Freeman is a big fan of Batman the comic.) The previous movies were good and I enjoyed them - the character was made more realistic. The characters were not 2 dimensional. This is not just an action-adventure. This movie, in my opinion, brought the character of Batman up into the realm of drama. The chase scene seemed so real. The reaction of the cops seemed so real - as if unacted. (I found out watching the "after movie" info, that the director, Christopher Nolan, wanted this movie to be realistic - it WAS!) The entire movie is flawless. I will watch this one again and again.
38	aha	3	I never did like Batman since I was a kid. (Morgan Freeman is a big fan of Batman the comic.) The previous movies were good and I enjoyed them - the character was made more realistic. The characters were not 2 dimensional. This is not just an action-adventure. This movie, in my opinion, brought the character of Batman up into the realm of drama. The chase scene seemed so real. The reaction of the cops seemed so real - as if unacted. (I found out watching the "after movie" info, that the director, Christopher Nolan, wanted this movie to be realistic - it WAS!) The entire movie is flawless. I will watch this one again and again.
39	jlee	3	I thought this movie was absolutely spectacular, I took me by surprise. I never thought I would see a Batman movie with depth and that showed the true fear that is the character Batman that he brings to his enemies. Christian Bale did a excellent job and I truly look forward to him in another Batman Movie! 
39	aha	3	I thought this movie was absolutely spectacular, I took me by surprise. I never thought I would see a Batman movie with depth and that showed the true fear that is the character Batman that he brings to his enemies. Christian Bale did a excellent job and I truly look forward to him in another Batman Movie! 
40	jlee	3	I was really in a hopeful mood when I went to see Batman Begins. I was measuring the movie, not against Schumacher's previous Bat-films, but by the Loeb/Lee "Hush" storyline in the Batman comic books, simply because that comic story is better by far. This, I must say, is the the best Batman movie yet. It really blew my mind. There was character, depth ... they really did their best to figure out why of all things would a vigilante dress up as a bat and fight crime in a metropolis. Their effort shows. Warner may have pumped more into the marketing than they could have possibly done, but they have the quality movie to prove it. I myself have to say if there is one Batman movie you must see in your lifetime, this should be it.
40	aha	2	I was really in a hopeful mood when I went to see Batman Begins. I was measuring the movie, not against Schumacher's previous Bat-films, but by the Loeb/Lee "Hush" storyline in the Batman comic books, simply because that comic story is better by far. This, I must say, is the the best Batman movie yet. It really blew my mind. There was character, depth ... they really did their best to figure out why of all things would a vigilante dress up as a bat and fight crime in a metropolis. Their effort shows. Warner may have pumped more into the marketing than they could have possibly done, but they have the quality movie to prove it. I myself have to say if there is one Batman movie you must see in your lifetime, this should be it.
41	jlee	3	I've been wondering how director Christopher Nolan would handle a huge budget on a Hollywood film designed as a revisionist franchise launcher of a previously lucrative and iconic brand name. It had disaster written all over it. I'm overjoyed to announce, the young director has stuck to his auteur guns and delivered not another ho-hum comic book extravaganza, but a deep, dark, psychologically complex thriller. Nolan and his very capable team of writers hired by Warner Bros. have taken the simplistic and tired story from comic book land (your archetypal crime-fighting costume wearing hero) and through luxurious exposition and compelling character development, deliver a taut and suspenseful drama for mature adult audiences to savor.
41	aha	3	I've been wondering how director Christopher Nolan would handle a huge budget on a Hollywood film designed as a revisionist franchise launcher of a previously lucrative and iconic brand name. It had disaster written all over it. I'm overjoyed to announce, the young director has stuck to his auteur guns and delivered not another ho-hum comic book extravaganza, but a deep, dark, psychologically complex thriller. Nolan and his very capable team of writers hired by Warner Bros. have taken the simplistic and tired story from comic book land (your archetypal crime-fighting costume wearing hero) and through luxurious exposition and compelling character development, deliver a taut and suspenseful drama for mature adult audiences to savor.
42	jlee	3	I've never had a thing for Batman films. I watched the cartoons when I was about 8. That was alright. Nothing special though. And not to forget...I was only 8. I always thought batman is just not one of those things for me.
42	aha	3	I've never had a thing for Batman films. I watched the cartoons when I was about 8. That was alright. Nothing special though. And not to forget...I was only 8. I always thought batman is just not one of those things for me.
43	jlee	3	It had some original stuff that displayed intelligence and thought with regards to his suit, car and weaponry. It did try to dwell on Bruce a lot more and convey some of his darkness but I found towards the end it became very Hollywood-ised. Sometimes filmmakers try to over complicate things and this was a good example.
43	aha	3	It had some original stuff that displayed intelligence and thought with regards to his suit, car and weaponry. It did try to dwell on Bruce a lot more and convey some of his darkness but I found towards the end it became very Hollywood-ised. Sometimes filmmakers try to over complicate things and this was a good example.
44	jlee	3	It took me a second viewing to truly appreciate "Batman Begins". Unlike most superhero movies, it isn't stuffed with non-stop action sequences and jaw-dropping stunts. That doesn't mean there's no action, but there is considerably less than in a typical action film. The first time I saw it, I thought it was O.K. The second time, I realized just how good it was.
44	aha	3	It took me a second viewing to truly appreciate "Batman Begins". Unlike most superhero movies, it isn't stuffed with non-stop action sequences and jaw-dropping stunts. That doesn't mean there's no action, but there is considerably less than in a typical action film. The first time I saw it, I thought it was O.K. The second time, I realized just how good it was.
45	jlee	3	It's been a long time since I've seen the Tim Burton Batman films, heck, it's been a long time since I've seen this one when it first came out. But after seeing all three of the Dark Knight incarnations under Christopher Nolan, I'd have to say that his vision best defines the comic book character that evolved over the past decade. I never cared for the campy Adam West version of the mid-Sixties TV series, and even looking back at the early comic book stories, the appeal of the character was always geared more toward a kid's eye view of good guys triumphing over bad guys. With "Batman Begins" the character enters the adult world as a complex hero/anti-hero with conflicting emotions and a motivation in precarious balance between justice and revenge.
45	aha	3	It's been a long time since I've seen the Tim Burton Batman films, heck, it's been a long time since I've seen this one when it first came out. But after seeing all three of the Dark Knight incarnations under Christopher Nolan, I'd have to say that his vision best defines the comic book character that evolved over the past decade. I never cared for the campy Adam West version of the mid-Sixties TV series, and even looking back at the early comic book stories, the appeal of the character was always geared more toward a kid's eye view of good guys triumphing over bad guys. With "Batman Begins" the character enters the adult world as a complex hero/anti-hero with conflicting emotions and a motivation in precarious balance between justice and revenge.
46	jlee	3	It's Interstellar week so my quest to go back and review all of Christopher Nolan's previous films continues.
46	aha	3	It's Interstellar week so my quest to go back and review all of Christopher Nolan's previous films continues.
47	jlee	3	My only criticism of this otherwise brilliant movie is that it is a little too long. But it is an extremely good film, that along with the original Batman could very well be the best of the Batman films(thought perhaps just lacking the original film's sophistication). People may find this blasphemy, but I did prefer this over The Dark Knight, but that was still very good. Christopher Nolan's Batman Begins is stylish, dark and gritty, pretty much what Batman should be. I have seen complaints that the film "contradicts" the 1989 film. Perhaps so, but what I can say in the film's defence is that Batman Begins is sort of a very loose prequel to the original movies.
47	aha	3	My only criticism of this otherwise brilliant movie is that it is a little too long. But it is an extremely good film, that along with the original Batman could very well be the best of the Batman films(thought perhaps just lacking the original film's sophistication). People may find this blasphemy, but I did prefer this over The Dark Knight, but that was still very good. Christopher Nolan's Batman Begins is stylish, dark and gritty, pretty much what Batman should be. I have seen complaints that the film "contradicts" the 1989 film. Perhaps so, but what I can say in the film's defence is that Batman Begins is sort of a very loose prequel to the original movies.
48	jlee	3	Of course, when in comparison to many of the films released this year, Batman Begins stand higher than others, and I might say that as a stand alone film it is quite entertaining. However, it would be blasphemous to consider this even a door step in comparison with Tim Burton's masterpiece, which starred Michael Keaton in his signature role. The original, a realization of a comic legend, only received 7.4 on the IMDb scale. It confuses me how the general public thinks these days. Are they comparing Batman Begins with the other films released during the year, or are they being serious about it exceeding the original? Here is what I think about Batman Begins............It doesn't even feel like a Batman movie. It misses the point completely. And I hate the excuses of 'making a new Batman film for the new generation'. THE NEW GENERATION ALSO NEED GOOD FILMS. I agree with the casting of Christian Bale, a great actor and once a child prodigy (most memorable in Spielberg's Empire Of The Sun), however he alone could not save this film from disaster. Christopher Nolan is a respectful director, but did he really think he could create his own Batman? Or was it a cash-in opportunity? 
48	aha	3	Of course, when in comparison to many of the films released this year, Batman Begins stand higher than others, and I might say that as a stand alone film it is quite entertaining. However, it would be blasphemous to consider this even a door step in comparison with Tim Burton's masterpiece, which starred Michael Keaton in his signature role. The original, a realization of a comic legend, only received 7.4 on the IMDb scale. It confuses me how the general public thinks these days. Are they comparing Batman Begins with the other films released during the year, or are they being serious about it exceeding the original? Here is what I think about Batman Begins............It doesn't even feel like a Batman movie. It misses the point completely. And I hate the excuses of 'making a new Batman film for the new generation'. THE NEW GENERATION ALSO NEED GOOD FILMS. I agree with the casting of Christian Bale, a great actor and once a child prodigy (most memorable in Spielberg's Empire Of The Sun), however he alone could not save this film from disaster. Christopher Nolan is a respectful director, but did he really think he could create his own Batman? Or was it a cash-in opportunity? 
49	jlee	3	Oh,my God ! Hollywood reached near perfection with this dark tale of the Dark Knight . Revealing the psychology behind the man in the mask and his Ninja training in China by Liam Neesons character . This film is perfectly cast from the brooding good looks of Christian Bale,who now owns the character'Batman' to Morgan Freemans Mr.Lucius Fox as Batman's own personal Q . Gary Oldman turns in one of his finer performances as detective James Gordon and the film goes into their relationship as well . The scene where a young Bruce Waynes parents are murdered are gut wrenching and heart breaking . This is the Batman Bob Cane wrote of all those many years ago . Chrostopher Nolan is absolutely right on in all the scenes in 'Batman Begins' none ring hollow or false . This is extraordinary film making made by a director who obviously cares about the source material. Rent or buy it you will not be disappointed .
49	aha	1	Oh,my God ! Hollywood reached near perfection with this dark tale of the Dark Knight . Revealing the psychology behind the man in the mask and his Ninja training in China by Liam Neesons character . This film is perfectly cast from the brooding good looks of Christian Bale,who now owns the character'Batman' to Morgan Freemans Mr.Lucius Fox as Batman's own personal Q . Gary Oldman turns in one of his finer performances as detective James Gordon and the film goes into their relationship as well . The scene where a young Bruce Waynes parents are murdered are gut wrenching and heart breaking . This is the Batman Bob Cane wrote of all those many years ago . Chrostopher Nolan is absolutely right on in all the scenes in 'Batman Begins' none ring hollow or false . This is extraordinary film making made by a director who obviously cares about the source material. Rent or buy it you will not be disappointed .
50	jlee	3	OK, I finally got my chance to see The Dark Knight and I'm very happy to say that it's the best of the series. But before I do my review of the best I'm going to do my review of the worst, Batman & Robin.
50	aha	3	OK, I finally got my chance to see The Dark Knight and I'm very happy to say that it's the best of the series. But before I do my review of the best I'm going to do my review of the worst, Batman & Robin.
51	jlee	3	Seven years after Batman's last woeful appearance on the big screen, the Dark knight would receive a second chance to start a big screen franchise. The result was a Batman film 180 degrees different from its predecessors in its tone and presentation. In fact the title said it all: Batman Begins.
51	aha	3	Seven years after Batman's last woeful appearance on the big screen, the Dark knight would receive a second chance to start a big screen franchise. The result was a Batman film 180 degrees different from its predecessors in its tone and presentation. In fact the title said it all: Batman Begins.
52	jlee	3	so do i think this is the best batman yet? well, this film provided me with some surprises:
52	aha	3	so do i think this is the best batman yet? well, this film provided me with some surprises:
53	jlee	2	Starting with a nice sequence of flashbacks mixed within the natural progression of our entry point, we are treated to Bruce Wayne's life and struggle within it, which pushed him to go underground amongst those he wished to rid the world of. A criminal himself, practicing his fighting skills, Wayne soon becomes acquainted with Henri Ducard, the right hand man of the "immortal" Ra's Al Ghul, leader of the League of Shadows. He trains and learns the ways of the ninja to conquer his fears and be the ultimate machine needed to go against the crumbling world, specifically the devolved cityscape of Gotham. Finding out the truth of the group, that they wish to destroy in order to have a rebirth, Wayne leaves the hostile situation to return home and do what he can as a symbol for hope. Back in Gotham, he must walk the tightrope of keeping his crime fighter persona as secret as possible, namely by being the hardest partying, biggest spending millionaire the city has ever seen. By showing the world his playboy ways, he is free to consume his real self in honing his skills and toys to making sure Batman has all he needs to succeed on the streets.
53	aha	1	Starting with a nice sequence of flashbacks mixed within the natural progression of our entry point, we are treated to Bruce Wayne's life and struggle within it, which pushed him to go underground amongst those he wished to rid the world of. A criminal himself, practicing his fighting skills, Wayne soon becomes acquainted with Henri Ducard, the right hand man of the "immortal" Ra's Al Ghul, leader of the League of Shadows. He trains and learns the ways of the ninja to conquer his fears and be the ultimate machine needed to go against the crumbling world, specifically the devolved cityscape of Gotham. Finding out the truth of the group, that they wish to destroy in order to have a rebirth, Wayne leaves the hostile situation to return home and do what he can as a symbol for hope. Back in Gotham, he must walk the tightrope of keeping his crime fighter persona as secret as possible, namely by being the hardest partying, biggest spending millionaire the city has ever seen. By showing the world his playboy ways, he is free to consume his real self in honing his skills and toys to making sure Batman has all he needs to succeed on the streets.
54	jlee	3	That's how super heroes should be, a bit relatable to human beings, not somebody from the other world itself or a product of science experiment.
54	aha	3	That's how super heroes should be, a bit relatable to human beings, not somebody from the other world itself or a product of science experiment.
55	jlee	3	The best Batman movie ever made! The story is amazing and dynamic with a very articulated plot like a sort of puzzle well composed (it's the art of director!!). The interpretation of actor is skillful, above all that one of Christian Bale, so softly deep, and that one of Cillian Murphy (he appears to me a real crazy megalomaniac ; )). There is a good choice of not killing super-criminal (the Scarecrow) in the same episode, allowing a continuity with future stories (good very good). This is realistic, human, psychological, introspective movie with a particular attention about little feelings: a masterpiece!!! Because of this circumstances, it's complete work! I hope for other similar!
55	aha	1	The best Batman movie ever made! The story is amazing and dynamic with a very articulated plot like a sort of puzzle well composed (it's the art of director!!). The interpretation of actor is skillful, above all that one of Christian Bale, so softly deep, and that one of Cillian Murphy (he appears to me a real crazy megalomaniac ; )). There is a good choice of not killing super-criminal (the Scarecrow) in the same episode, allowing a continuity with future stories (good very good). This is realistic, human, psychological, introspective movie with a particular attention about little feelings: a masterpiece!!! Because of this circumstances, it's complete work! I hope for other similar!
56	jlee	3	The Dark Knight is coming out soon so I thought as a tribute I should review the previous outing. I have been a fan of the Batman movies ever since the first Batman(1989)came out when I was four. Viewing it now I could not believe that I actually loved it once, it is an overrated piece of tripe. Oh well enough about the first one Batman Begins is wonderful,I would call it better than the original. I only viewed it for the first time after I purchased the DVD and from the first few reels I was hooked. Batman is a welcome return for one of my favourite superheroes after some pretty awful outings. Batman Forever was OK but Batman and Robin was shameful and an embarrassment to fans of Batman. Christopher Nolan is rather good,Micheal Caine is good as Alfred,Gary Oldman was good but Katie Holmes disappointed. BB tells the story of Bruce Wanye before he became Batman, which I found fascinating to find out. At the end there is a reference to Joker,Jack Nicolson played him in the first Batman and Heath Ledger(may he rest in peace)will be playing him in The Dark Knight. Batman Begins has put the franchise back on track after it derailed.
56	aha	2	The Dark Knight is coming out soon so I thought as a tribute I should review the previous outing. I have been a fan of the Batman movies ever since the first Batman(1989)came out when I was four. Viewing it now I could not believe that I actually loved it once, it is an overrated piece of tripe. Oh well enough about the first one Batman Begins is wonderful,I would call it better than the original. I only viewed it for the first time after I purchased the DVD and from the first few reels I was hooked. Batman is a welcome return for one of my favourite superheroes after some pretty awful outings. Batman Forever was OK but Batman and Robin was shameful and an embarrassment to fans of Batman. Christopher Nolan is rather good,Micheal Caine is good as Alfred,Gary Oldman was good but Katie Holmes disappointed. BB tells the story of Bruce Wanye before he became Batman, which I found fascinating to find out. At the end there is a reference to Joker,Jack Nicolson played him in the first Batman and Heath Ledger(may he rest in peace)will be playing him in The Dark Knight. Batman Begins has put the franchise back on track after it derailed.
57	jlee	3	The original "Batman" was released in 1989, under the direction of then-newcomer, Tim Burton. It was one of the first comic book movies to give itself a dark tone. It made for a pretty entertaining, albeit flawed, superhero movie, though this was mostly due to a fantastic performance from Jack Nicholson as The Joker. Burton's second Batman movie, "Batman Returns", was too dark and too stupid, so for the third movie, Burton handed the reigns of this franchise to Joel Schumacher. This is where things took a turn for the worst.
57	aha	3	The original "Batman" was released in 1989, under the direction of then-newcomer, Tim Burton. It was one of the first comic book movies to give itself a dark tone. It made for a pretty entertaining, albeit flawed, superhero movie, though this was mostly due to a fantastic performance from Jack Nicholson as The Joker. Burton's second Batman movie, "Batman Returns", was too dark and too stupid, so for the third movie, Burton handed the reigns of this franchise to Joel Schumacher. This is where things took a turn for the worst.
58	jlee	3	This film easily trumps any live-action incarnation we've scene of the Dark Knight before, borrowing heavily from both the comics and the Dini and Co. animated series. This is a hard, fast, driving, heartfelt epic that draws you into the character of Bruce Wayne and makes you damn well care. Batman doesn't play second-fiddle to the villains here like in the other films. It's his movie and that's the way it should be.
58	aha	3	This film easily trumps any live-action incarnation we've scene of the Dark Knight before, borrowing heavily from both the comics and the Dini and Co. animated series. This is a hard, fast, driving, heartfelt epic that draws you into the character of Bruce Wayne and makes you damn well care. Batman doesn't play second-fiddle to the villains here like in the other films. It's his movie and that's the way it should be.
59	jlee	3	This film is a start for a Christopher Nolan Batman film series (which I hope will continue for a long time). This film is not that good as The Dark Knight but much better than earlier Batman movies. The film is taking itself more seriously and that is what's good about it. I liked the plot very much and also a colorful characters. Maybe the film itself isn't that good as The Dark Knight but the action here is much better and here is much more of it(especially the fighting scenes). A plot, action, acting, costuming, direction - everything was great in this film. So just watch it, especially if you are action movie fan because there is a lot of action.
59	aha	3	This film is a start for a Christopher Nolan Batman film series (which I hope will continue for a long time). This film is not that good as The Dark Knight but much better than earlier Batman movies. The film is taking itself more seriously and that is what's good about it. I liked the plot very much and also a colorful characters. Maybe the film itself isn't that good as The Dark Knight but the action here is much better and here is much more of it(especially the fighting scenes). A plot, action, acting, costuming, direction - everything was great in this film. So just watch it, especially if you are action movie fan because there is a lot of action.
60	jlee	3	This film is a whole lot different than the other Batman films.
60	aha	3	This film is a whole lot different than the other Batman films.
61	jlee	2	This film is absolutely Outstanding! Its nails the character,the world he inhabits and everything around him Beautifully. I couldn't have hoped for a better and more cinematic experience. To call batman begins the first perfect batman live action movie would be true but a complete understatement. This is still easily one of the greatest comic book films of all time and the most thorough origin story that I have ever witnessed. The film explores everything that previous live action incarnations either never could or never thought to. The first thirty minutes of the film don't feature Batman at all but instead the audience is acquainted with Bruce Wayne as both a child and as young and troubled man. He is portrayed by the amazing Christian Bale. The audience develops a Intimate bond with him the way that we have never seen before. The rest of the cast is absolutely magnificent. Liam Neeson is brilliant as Bruce Wayne's martial Arts master. He inspires Bruce when he is at the most vulnerable point in his life. The training sequences in the snowy mountains are some of the most memorable parts of the movie for me. What impeccable screen writing! Michael Caine was born to play Alfred. The relationship between Alfred and Bruce is beautiful. You can tell that Alfred is the closest thing that Bruce has to a father. Morgan Freeman is excellent as Lucius Fox and Gary Oldman is beyond excellent as Jim Gordon. Finally the character Gordon has a say so in these movies. Cillian Murphy is Fantastic as the evil Scarecrow/Jonathan Crane. The weakest link in the film is Katie Holmes but she still does a good job for the most part. Her characters relationship with Bruce is very engaging even if she doesn't have much chemistry with Bale. Also she gets to deliver one of the best lines in the film "Its not you who are underneath but what you do that defines you." The film is gripping unlike any Batman story that you have ever imagined. The film is dark and gritty but not merely for the sake of being dark and gritty. This has a meaning story about a young man who uses a fearful symbol to exact vengeance on the criminal underworld. The character grows and matures as the film progress from a victim of fear and tragedy whose world was falling apart to a fully fledge unstoppable hero that makes the criminals fear him. The Hanz simmer score is masterful and in my humble opinion the best ever put in a batman film animated or live action. This movie is a masterpiece and underrated by fans of its slightly superior sequel The Dark Knight.
61	aha	1	This film is absolutely Outstanding! Its nails the character,the world he inhabits and everything around him Beautifully. I couldn't have hoped for a better and more cinematic experience. To call batman begins the first perfect batman live action movie would be true but a complete understatement. This is still easily one of the greatest comic book films of all time and the most thorough origin story that I have ever witnessed. The film explores everything that previous live action incarnations either never could or never thought to. The first thirty minutes of the film don't feature Batman at all but instead the audience is acquainted with Bruce Wayne as both a child and as young and troubled man. He is portrayed by the amazing Christian Bale. The audience develops a Intimate bond with him the way that we have never seen before. The rest of the cast is absolutely magnificent. Liam Neeson is brilliant as Bruce Wayne's martial Arts master. He inspires Bruce when he is at the most vulnerable point in his life. The training sequences in the snowy mountains are some of the most memorable parts of the movie for me. What impeccable screen writing! Michael Caine was born to play Alfred. The relationship between Alfred and Bruce is beautiful. You can tell that Alfred is the closest thing that Bruce has to a father. Morgan Freeman is excellent as Lucius Fox and Gary Oldman is beyond excellent as Jim Gordon. Finally the character Gordon has a say so in these movies. Cillian Murphy is Fantastic as the evil Scarecrow/Jonathan Crane. The weakest link in the film is Katie Holmes but she still does a good job for the most part. Her characters relationship with Bruce is very engaging even if she doesn't have much chemistry with Bale. Also she gets to deliver one of the best lines in the film "Its not you who are underneath but what you do that defines you." The film is gripping unlike any Batman story that you have ever imagined. The film is dark and gritty but not merely for the sake of being dark and gritty. This has a meaning story about a young man who uses a fearful symbol to exact vengeance on the criminal underworld. The character grows and matures as the film progress from a victim of fear and tragedy whose world was falling apart to a fully fledge unstoppable hero that makes the criminals fear him. The Hanz simmer score is masterful and in my humble opinion the best ever put in a batman film animated or live action. This movie is a masterpiece and underrated by fans of its slightly superior sequel The Dark Knight.
62	jlee	2	This is a prequel to the other four batman flicks and you now what it is a whole lot better than all of them. This time it is Christian Bale who plays Bruce Wayne/Batman and is really good. There is also a long line of other famous people such as Michael Caine as Alfred, Gary Oldman as Commissionor Gordon, Liam Nesson as Ducard who trains Bruce but he betrays Ducard when he refuses to kill a criminal, Katie Holmes as Bruce's childhood friend, Tom Wilkinson as Valconie who runs a big crime ring in Gotham, and Morgan Freeman as a Scientist who provides Bruce with a ton of gadgets including a new bat tank. Batman Begins is directed excellently by Christopher Nolan who also directed "Memento". This appears to be the role that made Christian Bale more famous. This is the second best movie of 2005 if you like action movie then go see it because you'll surly love it.
62	aha	2	This is a prequel to the other four batman flicks and you now what it is a whole lot better than all of them. This time it is Christian Bale who plays Bruce Wayne/Batman and is really good. There is also a long line of other famous people such as Michael Caine as Alfred, Gary Oldman as Commissionor Gordon, Liam Nesson as Ducard who trains Bruce but he betrays Ducard when he refuses to kill a criminal, Katie Holmes as Bruce's childhood friend, Tom Wilkinson as Valconie who runs a big crime ring in Gotham, and Morgan Freeman as a Scientist who provides Bruce with a ton of gadgets including a new bat tank. Batman Begins is directed excellently by Christopher Nolan who also directed "Memento". This appears to be the role that made Christian Bale more famous. This is the second best movie of 2005 if you like action movie then go see it because you'll surly love it.
63	jlee	3	This is an outstanding super hero movie. I had a lot of fun, even though I loved the Tim Burton Batman movies, and did not really want to see this movie made. Batman's super powers are not so super, and the treatment of the mental and spiritual nature is more in depth. I liked the tie between the childhood fears and the batman character. It was refreshing that there was no 007-style comic relief. Top performances by Michael Caine and Morgan Freeman. The art direction was solid, but not as great as the Tim Burton films. The movie gets 8 stars because it is a great movie only in its own universe of super hero movies. It does not really tell a universal story--only a story about how a guy becomes a superhero, which of course is make-believe.
63	aha	2	This is an outstanding super hero movie. I had a lot of fun, even though I loved the Tim Burton Batman movies, and did not really want to see this movie made. Batman's super powers are not so super, and the treatment of the mental and spiritual nature is more in depth. I liked the tie between the childhood fears and the batman character. It was refreshing that there was no 007-style comic relief. Top performances by Michael Caine and Morgan Freeman. The art direction was solid, but not as great as the Tim Burton films. The movie gets 8 stars because it is a great movie only in its own universe of super hero movies. It does not really tell a universal story--only a story about how a guy becomes a superhero, which of course is make-believe.
64	jlee	3	This is certainly, without question the best Batman film ever made, although that isn't saying much. Christopher Nolan makes this into a very dark and brooding tale that tells more about Bruce Wayne than Batman, something the other movies would never have done. Nolan is a great director and he takes a great leap of faith by showing perhaps the most important screen superhero in such a way that the city of Gotham and its components don't feel like taken from a comic book, but from real life. Batman Begins is based more on graphic novels and the original characters by Bob Kane, so the realism and details are there without all the fluff and showboating Joel Schumacher would have put out. Christian Bale is perfect as the title character and he creates a more interesting Bruce Wayne than Batman only because we see more of Wayne in this installment. All other roles are perfectly cast, especially Liam Neeson as a mysterious yet intelligent and brutal member of the League of Shadows. Katie Holmes is nice and sweet as Wayne's childhood friend, and there will never be another Alfred as long as Michael Caine resides.
64	aha	2	This is certainly, without question the best Batman film ever made, although that isn't saying much. Christopher Nolan makes this into a very dark and brooding tale that tells more about Bruce Wayne than Batman, something the other movies would never have done. Nolan is a great director and he takes a great leap of faith by showing perhaps the most important screen superhero in such a way that the city of Gotham and its components don't feel like taken from a comic book, but from real life. Batman Begins is based more on graphic novels and the original characters by Bob Kane, so the realism and details are there without all the fluff and showboating Joel Schumacher would have put out. Christian Bale is perfect as the title character and he creates a more interesting Bruce Wayne than Batman only because we see more of Wayne in this installment. All other roles are perfectly cast, especially Liam Neeson as a mysterious yet intelligent and brutal member of the League of Shadows. Katie Holmes is nice and sweet as Wayne's childhood friend, and there will never be another Alfred as long as Michael Caine resides.
65	jlee	3	This is my first post after joining the IMDb. And what better way than to start with my favorite Super Hero. Last night, I attended the opening night showing of Batman Begins. I came out of that theater in total awe and I am totally and completely amazed. They have finally made what has got to be the best Batman movie ever as well as the most real interpretation. I have to agree with Christopher Nolan's goal about making this movie turn out the way the first Superman movie of 1978 did and they executed it to the fullest. A true origin movie of Batman. 
65	aha	3	This is my first post after joining the IMDb. And what better way than to start with my favorite Super Hero. Last night, I attended the opening night showing of Batman Begins. I came out of that theater in total awe and I am totally and completely amazed. They have finally made what has got to be the best Batman movie ever as well as the most real interpretation. I have to agree with Christopher Nolan's goal about making this movie turn out the way the first Superman movie of 1978 did and they executed it to the fullest. A true origin movie of Batman. 
66	jlee	3	This is one of the few movies in which I actually watched the sequel first. Maybe that is why I didn't enjoy this movie as much as the critics and audiences who praised it to no end. While The Dark Knight wasn't perfect, it goes down as one of the best sequels of all time, mostly because the film it is following, was incredibly overrated.
66	aha	3	This is one of the few movies in which I actually watched the sequel first. Maybe that is why I didn't enjoy this movie as much as the critics and audiences who praised it to no end. While The Dark Knight wasn't perfect, it goes down as one of the best sequels of all time, mostly because the film it is following, was incredibly overrated.
67	jlee	3	This is the Batman movie that I have been waiting for, not the quirky Tim Burton Batman, and not the Adam West super cheesy Batman and definitely not the terrible terrible George Clooney Batman (love you George, but that was just wrong on every level) but the real honest to Gotham BATMAN. Batman Begins is a completely phenomenal film that is great on every level. Christian Bale did an absolutely amazing job as Bruce Wayne and Batman, and then there is the rest of the cast, Neeson, Murphy, Wilkinson, Oldman and Watanabe, are you kidding me, heck, even Rutger Hauer was great. Overall Christopher Nolan has made a total master piece, a real Batman that is based in reality with all that that implies, and this only gets better when paired with the next two chapters in the saga. 5 Beards Out Of 5
67	aha	3	This is the Batman movie that I have been waiting for, not the quirky Tim Burton Batman, and not the Adam West super cheesy Batman and definitely not the terrible terrible George Clooney Batman (love you George, but that was just wrong on every level) but the real honest to Gotham BATMAN. Batman Begins is a completely phenomenal film that is great on every level. Christian Bale did an absolutely amazing job as Bruce Wayne and Batman, and then there is the rest of the cast, Neeson, Murphy, Wilkinson, Oldman and Watanabe, are you kidding me, heck, even Rutger Hauer was great. Overall Christopher Nolan has made a total master piece, a real Batman that is based in reality with all that that implies, and this only gets better when paired with the next two chapters in the saga. 5 Beards Out Of 5
68	jlee	3	This is the best superhero movie ever. Although that is yet to be seen because I haven't seen the The Dark Knight yet. The reason this rises above the other superhero movies is that it such a much more believable and well told story then the other movies.
68	aha	3	This is the best superhero movie ever. Although that is yet to be seen because I haven't seen the The Dark Knight yet. The reason this rises above the other superhero movies is that it such a much more believable and well told story then the other movies.
69	jlee	3	This latest Batman film disappointed a lot of people....but not me. I appreciated it because they didn't overdo the violence, didn''t have a stupid romance angle to muddy up the real story, and fount it an interesting history of how Batman became Batman. 
69	aha	3	This latest Batman film disappointed a lot of people....but not me. I appreciated it because they didn't overdo the violence, didn''t have a stupid romance angle to muddy up the real story, and fount it an interesting history of how Batman became Batman. 
70	jlee	3	This movie lot of fun. You should definitely see it if you don't mind canon changes (again, after all, this is DC we're talking about), and/or if you like Christian Bale, Liam Neeson, Gary Oldman or Morgan Freeman. All fabulous in this.
70	aha	3	This movie lot of fun. You should definitely see it if you don't mind canon changes (again, after all, this is DC we're talking about), and/or if you like Christian Bale, Liam Neeson, Gary Oldman or Morgan Freeman. All fabulous in this.
71	jlee	3	This time it's different,Batman is really dark and really, really good. Most of the other movies centered in the infamous villains but now the tables have turned and it's batman's chance to shine on the silver screen with his training to become the dark knight till his battle movies, he is the star. This movie really made me feel like a kid again, i was just watching for my watch cause i didn't want the movie to be over..i just didn't want it to be over but at the end i felt it was great..loved lot of scenes in it and the ending was cool..i can't wait for a sequel. The Villains were real enough to make the movie feel realistic and the bat-mobile is spectacular...i will definitely give it a 10 out of 10 on cool Comic adapted movie.
71	aha	2	This time it's different,Batman is really dark and really, really good. Most of the other movies centered in the infamous villains but now the tables have turned and it's batman's chance to shine on the silver screen with his training to become the dark knight till his battle movies, he is the star. This movie really made me feel like a kid again, i was just watching for my watch cause i didn't want the movie to be over..i just didn't want it to be over but at the end i felt it was great..loved lot of scenes in it and the ending was cool..i can't wait for a sequel. The Villains were real enough to make the movie feel realistic and the bat-mobile is spectacular...i will definitely give it a 10 out of 10 on cool Comic adapted movie.
72	jlee	1	This, the first part of Christopher Nolan's Batman trilogy is as much about how and why billionaire Bruce Wayne became Batman as what he does once he has; in fact he doesn't don the bat suit until an hour into the film. In the prologue we see a young Bruce Wayne fall into a well where he is terrified by the bats he disturbed; creating a life long phobia. The first time we see him as an adult he is in a Himalayan prison; he is released and invited to train to become part of an organisation called the crime fighting organisation; League of Shadows. Upon completing his training he learns that the league's methods are radical in the extreme... they intend to destroy Wayne's home city of Gotham and everything in it because they believe the world needs to be cleansed of its corruption. Gotham is indeed a corrupt city but Wayne is determined that it can be saved. He returns home and uses the resources of Wayne Industries to create his Batman persona.
72	aha	2	This, the first part of Christopher Nolan's Batman trilogy is as much about how and why billionaire Bruce Wayne became Batman as what he does once he has; in fact he doesn't don the bat suit until an hour into the film. In the prologue we see a young Bruce Wayne fall into a well where he is terrified by the bats he disturbed; creating a life long phobia. The first time we see him as an adult he is in a Himalayan prison; he is released and invited to train to become part of an organisation called the crime fighting organisation; League of Shadows. Upon completing his training he learns that the league's methods are radical in the extreme... they intend to destroy Wayne's home city of Gotham and everything in it because they believe the world needs to be cleansed of its corruption. Gotham is indeed a corrupt city but Wayne is determined that it can be saved. He returns home and uses the resources of Wayne Industries to create his Batman persona.
73	jlee	3	Tim Burton made Batman look a bit childish in Michael Keaton's figure, and were always beaten by his great villains in both Batman (1989) and the fabulous sequel. But then suddenly Joel Schumacher decided to trash and destroy everything that was cool, stylish and fascinating about the knight of night. So he made Val Kilmer do Batman and topped it all in 1997 by making the horrifyingly bad Batman & Robin that included a terrible Arnie as the main bad-guy.
73	aha	3	Tim Burton made Batman look a bit childish in Michael Keaton's figure, and were always beaten by his great villains in both Batman (1989) and the fabulous sequel. But then suddenly Joel Schumacher decided to trash and destroy everything that was cool, stylish and fascinating about the knight of night. So he made Val Kilmer do Batman and topped it all in 1997 by making the horrifyingly bad Batman & Robin that included a terrible Arnie as the main bad-guy.
74	jlee	3	Tim Burton's masterful take on the first Batman installment was wildly entertaining, boasted a terrific cast led by Michael Keaton, Jack Nicholson and Kim Basinger and a musical score courtesy Prince. After witnessing the cahoots of Schumacher's cheesy and lesser films, Batman Begins marks a terrific return to form for the franchise. Helmed by Christopher Nolan, the indie genius behind Memento and Insomnia, the blockbuster is given a restored sense of purpose, drama and bravura. The mere fact that the audience is not upset by the absence of Batman in full get up until the third act of the film, is a testament to all involved. This movie is about Bruce Wayne. 
74	aha	2	Tim Burton's masterful take on the first Batman installment was wildly entertaining, boasted a terrific cast led by Michael Keaton, Jack Nicholson and Kim Basinger and a musical score courtesy Prince. After witnessing the cahoots of Schumacher's cheesy and lesser films, Batman Begins marks a terrific return to form for the franchise. Helmed by Christopher Nolan, the indie genius behind Memento and Insomnia, the blockbuster is given a restored sense of purpose, drama and bravura. The mere fact that the audience is not upset by the absence of Batman in full get up until the third act of the film, is a testament to all involved. This movie is about Bruce Wayne. 
75	jlee	3	To be honest, I wasn't exactly wowed by "Batman Begins" when I first saw it during its original theatrical run. Sure, I enjoyed it but I didn't feel that it lived up to the hype. Recently I watched it again and was pleasantly surprised with how it compares to the other Batman films.
75	aha	3	To be honest, I wasn't exactly wowed by "Batman Begins" when I first saw it during its original theatrical run. Sure, I enjoyed it but I didn't feel that it lived up to the hype. Recently I watched it again and was pleasantly surprised with how it compares to the other Batman films.
76	jlee	3	When I first saw the trailers and read the reviews I was skeptic about this movie. Ra's Al Ghul training Bruce Wayne? amongst other concerns namely Michael Caine playing Alfred. However when I first saw it the movie clicked for me I sat back and watched a Legend Begin. The acting is first rate and the story fit within the accepted origin of Batman.Of course Hollywood being Hollywood they do make changes and they are acceptable changes. They actually add to the movie in small ways. Michael Caine is excellent as Alfred he delivers a strong fatherly performance and Liam Neesan is nothing short of great as Henri Duchard a man with a incredible hidden agenda. Inspired casting Gary Oldman as James Gordon. Christian Bale is now firmly entrenched in my mind as Batman. I hope the Dark Knight is just as good as this one or better.
76	aha	1	When I first saw the trailers and read the reviews I was skeptic about this movie. Ra's Al Ghul training Bruce Wayne? amongst other concerns namely Michael Caine playing Alfred. However when I first saw it the movie clicked for me I sat back and watched a Legend Begin. The acting is first rate and the story fit within the accepted origin of Batman.Of course Hollywood being Hollywood they do make changes and they are acceptable changes. They actually add to the movie in small ways. Michael Caine is excellent as Alfred he delivers a strong fatherly performance and Liam Neesan is nothing short of great as Henri Duchard a man with a incredible hidden agenda. Inspired casting Gary Oldman as James Gordon. Christian Bale is now firmly entrenched in my mind as Batman. I hope the Dark Knight is just as good as this one or better.
77	jlee	3	Whether you like this version of Batman or not ultimately depends on how faithful you are to the classics. I am a huge fan of Batman the Animated series created by Bruce Timm and Paul Dini, as well as Tim Burton's Gothic interpretations, not to mention the Dark Knight Returns by Frank Miller.
77	aha	3	Whether you like this version of Batman or not ultimately depends on how faithful you are to the classics. I am a huge fan of Batman the Animated series created by Bruce Timm and Paul Dini, as well as Tim Burton's Gothic interpretations, not to mention the Dark Knight Returns by Frank Miller.
78	jlee	3	With all obvious accounting, the Batman Magic' is back! Not since Michael Keaton, when the first modern and great, big screen Batman appeared in 1989, has there been such a commotion made about a new Batman movie. I had not seen this in the movie theater, but as with the first I started seeing bumper stickers and baseball caps and posters of the Batman Begins logos and the like, that's what let me know this was different, than the others. The first Keaton one, I saw it right-off-the-bat! No waiting, with this there had been so many in between, that seemed to be slipping more and more with every new installment, that I simply 'balked' at the thought of Batman 'Again'.
78	aha	3	With all obvious accounting, the Batman Magic' is back! Not since Michael Keaton, when the first modern and great, big screen Batman appeared in 1989, has there been such a commotion made about a new Batman movie. I had not seen this in the movie theater, but as with the first I started seeing bumper stickers and baseball caps and posters of the Batman Begins logos and the like, that's what let me know this was different, than the others. The first Keaton one, I saw it right-off-the-bat! No waiting, with this there had been so many in between, that seemed to be slipping more and more with every new installment, that I simply 'balked' at the thought of Batman 'Again'.
79	jlee	3	'Harry Potter And The Philosopher's Stone (2001)' is starting to show its age in a few areas - though, the majority of special effects still hold up remarkably well. The young actors have certainly come a long way since this first outing, but this is still an entertaining and endearing experience that's as enchanting as it is exciting. It does a great job of setting up the vibrant 'wizarding world' of which we're all now so familiar, it has some fantastically interesting concepts and well-executed ideas and it is surprisingly funny at times, too. While it may now be perhaps the 'worst' in the series, aside from the 'Fantastic Beasts' spin-off stuff (which doesn't really count, of course), it is still a wonderfully charming and enjoyable ride that's better than most of today's blockbusters. 8/10
79	aha	3	'Harry Potter And The Philosopher's Stone (2001)' is starting to show its age in a few areas - though, the majority of special effects still hold up remarkably well. The young actors have certainly come a long way since this first outing, but this is still an entertaining and endearing experience that's as enchanting as it is exciting. It does a great job of setting up the vibrant 'wizarding world' of which we're all now so familiar, it has some fantastically interesting concepts and well-executed ideas and it is surprisingly funny at times, too. While it may now be perhaps the 'worst' in the series, aside from the 'Fantastic Beasts' spin-off stuff (which doesn't really count, of course), it is still a wonderfully charming and enjoyable ride that's better than most of today's blockbusters. 8/10
80	jlee	3	"Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is the first movie of the Harry Potter series and it begins a new era for the magic and for the history of Harry Potter. I liked very much this movie because it was something really new and I believe that J.K. Rowling did a great job in the writing of this. I also believe that Chris Columbus in the direction of this movie made a great job and the result was obvious.
80	aha	3	"Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is the first movie of the Harry Potter series and it begins a new era for the magic and for the history of Harry Potter. I liked very much this movie because it was something really new and I believe that J.K. Rowling did a great job in the writing of this. I also believe that Chris Columbus in the direction of this movie made a great job and the result was obvious.
81	jlee	3	"Harry Potter learns, on his 11th birthday, that he is the orphaned son of two powerful wizards, and possesses magical powers of his own. (Sent to) 'Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry', Harry embarks on the adventure of a lifetime, discovering a world of magic and fantasy, where he is destined to live," according to the film's official synopsis. This was the first of the films bringing J.K. Rowling's beloved "Harry Potter" characters to motion picture life; and, it must be considered a rousing success.
81	aha	2	"Harry Potter learns, on his 11th birthday, that he is the orphaned son of two powerful wizards, and possesses magical powers of his own. (Sent to) 'Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry', Harry embarks on the adventure of a lifetime, discovering a world of magic and fantasy, where he is destined to live," according to the film's official synopsis. This was the first of the films bringing J.K. Rowling's beloved "Harry Potter" characters to motion picture life; and, it must be considered a rousing success.
82	jlee	1	**SPOILERS**Before I briefly state my views, I must confess that I have never read a word of or even picked up a Harry Potter book in all of my life. I had many friends rave and rant about them, and at my work, I often see my co-worker's kids sitting in corners, waiting for their mothers to take them to school, reading the latest chapter in the series enthusiastically. But because I have never read Harry Potter myself, I have no understanding of the series, the characters, or the plotlines outside of the world this movie has created. Therefore, this is a review for viewers like me: They haven't read the books, and they're curious to see what all the hype is about.
82	aha	1	**SPOILERS**Before I briefly state my views, I must confess that I have never read a word of or even picked up a Harry Potter book in all of my life. I had many friends rave and rant about them, and at my work, I often see my co-worker's kids sitting in corners, waiting for their mothers to take them to school, reading the latest chapter in the series enthusiastically. But because I have never read Harry Potter myself, I have no understanding of the series, the characters, or the plotlines outside of the world this movie has created. Therefore, this is a review for viewers like me: They haven't read the books, and they're curious to see what all the hype is about.
83	jlee	3	About halfway through Harry Potter 1, I considered walking out.  It's not that it was godawful, but having read the book, I knew how it all worked out-- and I had no confidence left that there would be anything the least bit interesting about how Rowling's story would be illustrated.
83	aha	3	About halfway through Harry Potter 1, I considered walking out.  It's not that it was godawful, but having read the book, I knew how it all worked out-- and I had no confidence left that there would be anything the least bit interesting about how Rowling's story would be illustrated.
84	jlee	3	Ah, the first film adaptation of the beloved Harry Potter series. Harry Potter is an 11-year-old boy who comes to find out that he is a wizard. He lives with his uncaring Muggle (non magic) aunt, uncle, and cousin since his parents died when he was a baby. They were murdered by a dark and powerful evil wizard named Lord Voldemort. Harry would be dead too, but was miraculously saved, making him something of a legend. Upon learning of his guarded magic roots, Harry gets enrolled in Hogwarts- a British school for witches and wizards. While there he learns to come into his own, meet people that are actually good to him, and learn more of his dark past. Looking back, I don't know if it was a good idea to have Chris Columbus direct this, as he does have a reputation for being something of a hack, albeit a decent one. I think his direction is okay here. Yeah, retrospectively it could have been better, but it could also have been much worse. At least with him at the helm we get a good amount of whimsy to go along with a bit of menace, and that's a good thing, as the book was likewise not too heavy on the darker stuff (though that sure changed as time went on). Many liberties are taken, which is weird since the book is quite short, and the film is two and a half hours. It does get the point across decently enough though, and also works as a piece for those unfamiliar with the source material. John Williams provides great music, there's wonderful art direction and set design, and there's some nifty set pieces too. Featuring an all-British cast, this film is impeccably cast, and the performances are good too. Finding decent child actors is hard, but they really scored here. My enjoyment of this movie has waned over time, but it's still not a terrible piece of work by any means, so check it out.
84	aha	1	Ah, the first film adaptation of the beloved Harry Potter series. Harry Potter is an 11-year-old boy who comes to find out that he is a wizard. He lives with his uncaring Muggle (non magic) aunt, uncle, and cousin since his parents died when he was a baby. They were murdered by a dark and powerful evil wizard named Lord Voldemort. Harry would be dead too, but was miraculously saved, making him something of a legend. Upon learning of his guarded magic roots, Harry gets enrolled in Hogwarts- a British school for witches and wizards. While there he learns to come into his own, meet people that are actually good to him, and learn more of his dark past. Looking back, I don't know if it was a good idea to have Chris Columbus direct this, as he does have a reputation for being something of a hack, albeit a decent one. I think his direction is okay here. Yeah, retrospectively it could have been better, but it could also have been much worse. At least with him at the helm we get a good amount of whimsy to go along with a bit of menace, and that's a good thing, as the book was likewise not too heavy on the darker stuff (though that sure changed as time went on). Many liberties are taken, which is weird since the book is quite short, and the film is two and a half hours. It does get the point across decently enough though, and also works as a piece for those unfamiliar with the source material. John Williams provides great music, there's wonderful art direction and set design, and there's some nifty set pieces too. Featuring an all-British cast, this film is impeccably cast, and the performances are good too. Finding decent child actors is hard, but they really scored here. My enjoyment of this movie has waned over time, but it's still not a terrible piece of work by any means, so check it out.
85	jlee	1	An orphan is amazed to discover the existence of a secret world of magic when he is whisked away to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft & Wizardry. There he makes both friends and enemies amongst the pupils and teachers, develops his magical powers and confronts his destiny against the evil spirit which killed his parents and threatens to destroy the harmony of the magic realm.
85	aha	1	An orphan is amazed to discover the existence of a secret world of magic when he is whisked away to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft & Wizardry. There he makes both friends and enemies amongst the pupils and teachers, develops his magical powers and confronts his destiny against the evil spirit which killed his parents and threatens to destroy the harmony of the magic realm.
86	jlee	3	As I was watching this film, probably for the 100th time, I realised how many of the great cast had sadly passed on - Richard Harris, Alan Rickman, John Hurt, Richard Griffiths and Verne Troyer - and it reminded me that this film is nearly 20 years old! I remember going to the cinema to see it with my Mum and insisting that she buy the books for me for Christmas, which, God bless her, she did and I devoured them, furious that the next instalment (Book 5) was still at least months away. I also insisted that she knit me a Gryffindor scarf, which she did, but I didn't know about it, because it wasn't finished until 15 years later (I'm actually always too hot to wear it, but I like that she made it for me - Don't tell her!). I didn't realise at the time how much room Harry and his world would take up in my life. I have thoroughly enjoyed the journey alongside Mr Potter, especially with my Niece, who is quite possibly the biggest HP nerd out there (Even if she does watch it without me sometimes).
86	aha	3	As I was watching this film, probably for the 100th time, I realised how many of the great cast had sadly passed on - Richard Harris, Alan Rickman, John Hurt, Richard Griffiths and Verne Troyer - and it reminded me that this film is nearly 20 years old! I remember going to the cinema to see it with my Mum and insisting that she buy the books for me for Christmas, which, God bless her, she did and I devoured them, furious that the next instalment (Book 5) was still at least months away. I also insisted that she knit me a Gryffindor scarf, which she did, but I didn't know about it, because it wasn't finished until 15 years later (I'm actually always too hot to wear it, but I like that she made it for me - Don't tell her!). I didn't realise at the time how much room Harry and his world would take up in my life. I have thoroughly enjoyed the journey alongside Mr Potter, especially with my Niece, who is quite possibly the biggest HP nerd out there (Even if she does watch it without me sometimes).
87	jlee	3	At first I liked the Harry Potter series, it was imaginative, it was original, it was funny, and it had promise. Then the second one came out, "oh WOW this is heaven, it can't get better than this", then the third came out, "I was wrong about the second, because this is awesome". Then in between finishing the third and the release of the fourth I read the Lord of the Rings. And shortly after, the movies for both came out. I realized the huge difference, I was psyched out when I heard they were making a Harry Potter movie, but there they go and ruin it. Did you know Spielberg was originally supposed to direct, until Miss Rowling insisted it HAD to be an all British cast, in walks in Chris Columbus, a guy who directed Robin Williams in becoming a woman in "Mrs. Doubtfire", and a guy who's obviously willing to give in to any demand thrown at him by the author as long as he makes money. Well Mr. Columbus seemed to direct Ron into acting like a woman as well. You throw in a B list of child actors and a list of acclaimed adult actors who are far past their prime and who only opted to make these films because their grandchildren begged them to, and you have the first Harry Potter movie. There has never been a more horrific performance than that of Rupert Grint, who now dominates the worst performances of all time, kicking Jake Lloyd from The Phantom Menace out of the way. Daniel Radcliffe doesn't really possess much talent either, I highly doubt he has any future after this film, as far as acting goes anyways. As for Emma Watson, who thinks she's the best in the world, and if you think I'm talking about her performance as Hermione, you're dead wrong, have you listened to her in interviews? The room can barely fit the three of them; her, the interviewer, and her ego. Her performance is also astonishingly bad. I forgot to mention the horrible special effects, I have seen better on TV watching "Power Rangers". I mentioned the Lord of the Rings earlier to make reference to the obvious ripoffs of Miss Rowling. Firstly there are the dementors, cloaked ghostlike figures whose faces you never see (cough, RINGWRAITHS!). The whomping willow seems to ring a bell (ENTZ). The Giant Spider named Aragog (SHELOB). The trolls also seem to resemble something I've seen before... OH YEAH, the trolls in Lord of the Rings! Hopefully Warner Bros. choice of hiring different directors for the rest of the films will pay off. But this is the perfect example of a book that could have made an Oscar worthy classical movie, but fell short because instead of making it what it was intended to be they chose to skimp on the effects to make more money on little kids who think it's great because they're too young to watch real special effects in Star Wars or LotR. It really makes me sad, because in the months prior to the first movie I was marveling at the promise of it all. Richard Harris, Maggie Smith, Alan Rickman, they got John Williams to do the score, and like that, it was ruined. Although it does seem that my opinion differs from the rest of the world as Miss Rowling is just raking it in and so are the filmmakers, making even more money by skimping on the special effects that will no doubt succeed in dazzling children who aren't yet potty trained. Here's one buck the woman won't get her hands on.
87	aha	1	At first I liked the Harry Potter series, it was imaginative, it was original, it was funny, and it had promise. Then the second one came out, "oh WOW this is heaven, it can't get better than this", then the third came out, "I was wrong about the second, because this is awesome". Then in between finishing the third and the release of the fourth I read the Lord of the Rings. And shortly after, the movies for both came out. I realized the huge difference, I was psyched out when I heard they were making a Harry Potter movie, but there they go and ruin it. Did you know Spielberg was originally supposed to direct, until Miss Rowling insisted it HAD to be an all British cast, in walks in Chris Columbus, a guy who directed Robin Williams in becoming a woman in "Mrs. Doubtfire", and a guy who's obviously willing to give in to any demand thrown at him by the author as long as he makes money. Well Mr. Columbus seemed to direct Ron into acting like a woman as well. You throw in a B list of child actors and a list of acclaimed adult actors who are far past their prime and who only opted to make these films because their grandchildren begged them to, and you have the first Harry Potter movie. There has never been a more horrific performance than that of Rupert Grint, who now dominates the worst performances of all time, kicking Jake Lloyd from The Phantom Menace out of the way. Daniel Radcliffe doesn't really possess much talent either, I highly doubt he has any future after this film, as far as acting goes anyways. As for Emma Watson, who thinks she's the best in the world, and if you think I'm talking about her performance as Hermione, you're dead wrong, have you listened to her in interviews? The room can barely fit the three of them; her, the interviewer, and her ego. Her performance is also astonishingly bad. I forgot to mention the horrible special effects, I have seen better on TV watching "Power Rangers". I mentioned the Lord of the Rings earlier to make reference to the obvious ripoffs of Miss Rowling. Firstly there are the dementors, cloaked ghostlike figures whose faces you never see (cough, RINGWRAITHS!). The whomping willow seems to ring a bell (ENTZ). The Giant Spider named Aragog (SHELOB). The trolls also seem to resemble something I've seen before... OH YEAH, the trolls in Lord of the Rings! Hopefully Warner Bros. choice of hiring different directors for the rest of the films will pay off. But this is the perfect example of a book that could have made an Oscar worthy classical movie, but fell short because instead of making it what it was intended to be they chose to skimp on the effects to make more money on little kids who think it's great because they're too young to watch real special effects in Star Wars or LotR. It really makes me sad, because in the months prior to the first movie I was marveling at the promise of it all. Richard Harris, Maggie Smith, Alan Rickman, they got John Williams to do the score, and like that, it was ruined. Although it does seem that my opinion differs from the rest of the world as Miss Rowling is just raking it in and so are the filmmakers, making even more money by skimping on the special effects that will no doubt succeed in dazzling children who aren't yet potty trained. Here's one buck the woman won't get her hands on.
88	jlee	2	Based on the book Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, this is the first film in the Harry Potter film trilogy, a story about a young boy (Harry Potter) who is rescued from the clutches of a neglectful aunt and uncle and a bratty cousin, and taken to study witchcraft at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. There he meets his future lifelong friends Ron Weasley and Hermoine Granger, witches Professor Snape and Professor McGonagall and the school's all-powerful headmaster, Albus Dumbledore. Harry also learns about his connection with the evil dark lord, Lord Voldemort.
88	aha	1	Based on the book Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, this is the first film in the Harry Potter film trilogy, a story about a young boy (Harry Potter) who is rescued from the clutches of a neglectful aunt and uncle and a bratty cousin, and taken to study witchcraft at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. There he meets his future lifelong friends Ron Weasley and Hermoine Granger, witches Professor Snape and Professor McGonagall and the school's all-powerful headmaster, Albus Dumbledore. Harry also learns about his connection with the evil dark lord, Lord Voldemort.
89	jlee	3	Before I entered the cinema I was a little worried that the book may have been picked up and messed around with by the Hollywood machine and the film pushed out the end, But to my amazement they have kept almost the same. Several little bits were missing, like the absence of the poltergeist which I thought may have been quite fun. But a mystic magical adventure not to be missed!
89	aha	1	Before I entered the cinema I was a little worried that the book may have been picked up and messed around with by the Hollywood machine and the film pushed out the end, But to my amazement they have kept almost the same. Several little bits were missing, like the absence of the poltergeist which I thought may have been quite fun. But a mystic magical adventure not to be missed!
90	jlee	3	Cool! I'm so sorry because in 21 years of my life, I've only seen a movie as cool as this. Harry potter, in my first impression, I was amazed and curious about how the next series of this film will be. Watching this film evokes a feeling of dark academia that was buried in the past. Even though this film was produced in 2001, but the quality is quite good and even not inferior to films produced now.
90	aha	3	Cool! I'm so sorry because in 21 years of my life, I've only seen a movie as cool as this. Harry potter, in my first impression, I was amazed and curious about how the next series of this film will be. Watching this film evokes a feeling of dark academia that was buried in the past. Even though this film was produced in 2001, but the quality is quite good and even not inferior to films produced now.
91	jlee	3	Cut about an hour out of the middle of HARRY POTTER and you'll have a pretty decent little movie.  As is, it's a bloated mess.  There's no heart to this, no characterizations.  It's just a product reel for all the special effects companies that worked on it.
91	aha	3	Cut about an hour out of the middle of HARRY POTTER and you'll have a pretty decent little movie.  As is, it's a bloated mess.  There's no heart to this, no characterizations.  It's just a product reel for all the special effects companies that worked on it.
92	jlee	3	Directed By: Chris Columbus
92	aha	3	Directed By: Chris Columbus
93	jlee	3	Even compared to the majority of fantasy films, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone takes the magical powers and fantastical creatures way too far. It's just like the Harry Potter book series written by J. K. Rowling, except Chris Columbus has brought the words and magic to the screen.
93	aha	3	Even compared to the majority of fantasy films, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone takes the magical powers and fantastical creatures way too far. It's just like the Harry Potter book series written by J. K. Rowling, except Chris Columbus has brought the words and magic to the screen.
94	jlee	3	Even though I had so many good things about Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone I had my resverations about it. I bought the DVD six months ago and never got around to watching it so when it came on HBO saturday I watched it and I enjoyed the film. Chris Columbous has made his best film since the oringial Home Alone, a film that everyone can enjoy. The film is full of great special effects, acting and warmth, The Quigwich match was really. From now on every Harry Potter film will recieve my money in the theater.
94	aha	3	Even though I had so many good things about Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone I had my resverations about it. I bought the DVD six months ago and never got around to watching it so when it came on HBO saturday I watched it and I enjoyed the film. Chris Columbous has made his best film since the oringial Home Alone, a film that everyone can enjoy. The film is full of great special effects, acting and warmth, The Quigwich match was really. From now on every Harry Potter film will recieve my money in the theater.
95	jlee	3	Excessive and nearly completely tedious first installment in the sure-to-be long running series. The famous books come to life on the silver screen with "Harry Potter and the Sorceror's Stone". Young Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) is recruited to Hogwart's School to learn the arts of being a wizard. He immediately makes friends in Rupert Grint and Emma Watson, but nothing seems quite right. The titled stone, guarded by a three-headed dog, appears to be the target of one of the faculty members at the academy. It must be shady professor Alan Rickman, right? Chicago critic Richard Roeper called this "The Wizard of Oz" of this film-going generation, but really come on. This movie is not in the galaxy of films as the aforementioned production. Early success here gives way to a nearly unending running time and special effects that could tire more than interest. Rickman, along with legitimate performers like Maggie Smith, John Cleese, Warwick Davis, John Hurt and Richard Harris get shoved aside by ugly visual effects and the film's three adolescent leads (behaving like mischievous brats throughout). Director Chris Columbus (a film-maker that somehow continues to work on big budget junk) continues to show shortcomings and I think the scope of the book and the film are just way too much for him and the performers. 2.5 out of 5 stars.
95	aha	1	Excessive and nearly completely tedious first installment in the sure-to-be long running series. The famous books come to life on the silver screen with "Harry Potter and the Sorceror's Stone". Young Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) is recruited to Hogwart's School to learn the arts of being a wizard. He immediately makes friends in Rupert Grint and Emma Watson, but nothing seems quite right. The titled stone, guarded by a three-headed dog, appears to be the target of one of the faculty members at the academy. It must be shady professor Alan Rickman, right? Chicago critic Richard Roeper called this "The Wizard of Oz" of this film-going generation, but really come on. This movie is not in the galaxy of films as the aforementioned production. Early success here gives way to a nearly unending running time and special effects that could tire more than interest. Rickman, along with legitimate performers like Maggie Smith, John Cleese, Warwick Davis, John Hurt and Richard Harris get shoved aside by ugly visual effects and the film's three adolescent leads (behaving like mischievous brats throughout). Director Chris Columbus (a film-maker that somehow continues to work on big budget junk) continues to show shortcomings and I think the scope of the book and the film are just way too much for him and the performers. 2.5 out of 5 stars.
96	jlee	3	First off I'll start on the basics that others have mentioned. The acting is bad from the three child-actors. I thought this might be because they were so young but I've seen the fifth film and it still doesn't improve. Their acting is on a "school play" level with over-emphasised lines and facial expressions. Daniel Radcliffe was chosen for this film because he looks like the character but by the fifth film he no longer looks like him. The silly glasses make this slightly better but it's a cheap effect. The ginger kid was annoyance personified and I could write an essay on his irritating habits. I detest the way he uses soft swear words like bloody with that fake working class accent. The girl overdid the "goody goody girl" role.
96	aha	3	First off I'll start on the basics that others have mentioned. The acting is bad from the three child-actors. I thought this might be because they were so young but I've seen the fifth film and it still doesn't improve. Their acting is on a "school play" level with over-emphasised lines and facial expressions. Daniel Radcliffe was chosen for this film because he looks like the character but by the fifth film he no longer looks like him. The silly glasses make this slightly better but it's a cheap effect. The ginger kid was annoyance personified and I could write an essay on his irritating habits. I detest the way he uses soft swear words like bloody with that fake working class accent. The girl overdid the "goody goody girl" role.
97	jlee	3	First off, I am going to give my modern day thoughts on Harry Potter and the Philosopher's/Sorcerer's Stone since I just now watched it for the first time in about 10½ years. And then, I will tell my story. I will begin with the positives to be nice. To be generous.
97	aha	3	First off, I am going to give my modern day thoughts on Harry Potter and the Philosopher's/Sorcerer's Stone since I just now watched it for the first time in about 10½ years. And then, I will tell my story. I will begin with the positives to be nice. To be generous.
98	jlee	3	Gone With the Wind was another literary phenomenon that produced a film rendering that had to meet equally exacting fan qualifications. It's comparable in the sense that everyone had an attitude about the casting, which in due course resulted wonderfully. The novelists required a loyalty to the manuscript, which was respected. Directors were enlisted who could be relied upon to deferentially work for the material. Immeasurable arithmetic was done while constructing the corporal worlds of the novels. Producers challenged standard constraints about running time to incorporate all the indispensable narrative episodes.
98	aha	3	Gone With the Wind was another literary phenomenon that produced a film rendering that had to meet equally exacting fan qualifications. It's comparable in the sense that everyone had an attitude about the casting, which in due course resulted wonderfully. The novelists required a loyalty to the manuscript, which was respected. Directors were enlisted who could be relied upon to deferentially work for the material. Immeasurable arithmetic was done while constructing the corporal worlds of the novels. Producers challenged standard constraints about running time to incorporate all the indispensable narrative episodes.
99	jlee	3	Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) is a 10-year old British lad who has a zigzag scar on his forehead. He lives with his aunt and uncle and rotund, snotty cousin, who thoroughly despise him and make him live in a cupboard below a staircase. And all looks quite lost until the day Harry receives an invitation to attend the prestigious Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, and he's carried away by the giant Hagrid (Robbie Coltrane).
99	aha	2	Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) is a 10-year old British lad who has a zigzag scar on his forehead. He lives with his aunt and uncle and rotund, snotty cousin, who thoroughly despise him and make him live in a cupboard below a staircase. And all looks quite lost until the day Harry receives an invitation to attend the prestigious Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, and he's carried away by the giant Hagrid (Robbie Coltrane).
100	jlee	3	HARRY POTTER & THE SORCERER'S STONE
100	aha	3	HARRY POTTER & THE SORCERER'S STONE
101	jlee	3	Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is a terrific movie with a very well developed storyline and a talented cast. It's a delight to watch, I've seen this movie numerous times and it never fails to make me smile, to cheer me up when I'm feeling down, the Harry Potter franchise is magical both inside and out, and it's simple fun to watch Harry go in to his first year at Hogwarts, the story's quite simple as the series kicks off with a light start, but it will still leave you wanting more. The films biggest flaw is, at times, it is too faithful to the book that it is based off, I'm sure this is pleasing for anyone who's read the book, but for those who haven't it tends to drag out at times, more than an hour passes before Potter even goes to Hogwarts and the main adventure dosen't unfold properly until at least one hundred minutes in, it can get a little tedious at times and that's why I'm giving it an eight instead of a nine that it easily could have received. The cast is outstanding, the young cast members are ridiculously talented for their age, Daniel Radcliffe seems to have no trouble playing a lead role, and both Rupert Grint and Emma Watson shine as his closest friends, they never lose a single bit of likability. They are joined by a terrific adult cast, including the likes of Alan Rickman, Maggie Smith, Robbie Coltrane and, the highlight of the movie for me, Richard Harris, he shines as Professor Dumbledore (sadly only for two movies), his characterization is perfect, he is wise, heartwarming and simply a lovable character. It may be a bit slow at times, but Harry Potter and the Philiosopher's Stone never loses its sense of fun and magic, and because of this it is a perfect film for the whole family to watch and enjoy. 
101	aha	2	Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is a terrific movie with a very well developed storyline and a talented cast. It's a delight to watch, I've seen this movie numerous times and it never fails to make me smile, to cheer me up when I'm feeling down, the Harry Potter franchise is magical both inside and out, and it's simple fun to watch Harry go in to his first year at Hogwarts, the story's quite simple as the series kicks off with a light start, but it will still leave you wanting more. The films biggest flaw is, at times, it is too faithful to the book that it is based off, I'm sure this is pleasing for anyone who's read the book, but for those who haven't it tends to drag out at times, more than an hour passes before Potter even goes to Hogwarts and the main adventure dosen't unfold properly until at least one hundred minutes in, it can get a little tedious at times and that's why I'm giving it an eight instead of a nine that it easily could have received. The cast is outstanding, the young cast members are ridiculously talented for their age, Daniel Radcliffe seems to have no trouble playing a lead role, and both Rupert Grint and Emma Watson shine as his closest friends, they never lose a single bit of likability. They are joined by a terrific adult cast, including the likes of Alan Rickman, Maggie Smith, Robbie Coltrane and, the highlight of the movie for me, Richard Harris, he shines as Professor Dumbledore (sadly only for two movies), his characterization is perfect, he is wise, heartwarming and simply a lovable character. It may be a bit slow at times, but Harry Potter and the Philiosopher's Stone never loses its sense of fun and magic, and because of this it is a perfect film for the whole family to watch and enjoy. 
102	jlee	2	Harry Potter and the Philospher's Stone (I prefer to use the original British title) is a wonderful experience: good script, great visuals, extraordinary actors... However, there's a "but", which is the following: it's excessively faithful to the source novel, leaving out only one or two side characters. The movie, which tells how a seemingly normal boy, Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe), discovers he is actually a wizard and starts attending a school named Hogwarts, encountering many dangers throughout his first year, isn't boring for a second during its 146 minutes, but the pace is occasionally slowed down because, like in other "part 1 of 3" movies (actually, they're supposed to be 7), the director spends a lot of time introducing and explaining things, so he won't have to do it in the sequel(s). In this case, Chris Columbus, best known for Home Alone includes as much as possible also to make sure the target audience (kids) will enjoy it, adult viewers being more used to differences between book and film (and thus perhaps likely to find the running time a bit excessive). 
102	aha	2	Harry Potter and the Philospher's Stone (I prefer to use the original British title) is a wonderful experience: good script, great visuals, extraordinary actors... However, there's a "but", which is the following: it's excessively faithful to the source novel, leaving out only one or two side characters. The movie, which tells how a seemingly normal boy, Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe), discovers he is actually a wizard and starts attending a school named Hogwarts, encountering many dangers throughout his first year, isn't boring for a second during its 146 minutes, but the pace is occasionally slowed down because, like in other "part 1 of 3" movies (actually, they're supposed to be 7), the director spends a lot of time introducing and explaining things, so he won't have to do it in the sequel(s). In this case, Chris Columbus, best known for Home Alone includes as much as possible also to make sure the target audience (kids) will enjoy it, adult viewers being more used to differences between book and film (and thus perhaps likely to find the running time a bit excessive). 
103	jlee	2	HARRY POTTER AND THE SORCERER'S STONE (2001) ** Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Emma Watson, Robbie Coltrane, Richard Harris, Alan Rickman, Maggie Smith, Ian Hart, John Hurt, Zoe Wanamaker, John Cleese, Warwick Davis, Richard Griffiths, Fiona Shaw, Julie Walters.  Overrated hoopla over JK Rowling's internationally popular junior wizard in training in this first outing with Master Potter enrolled in Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry with the thick, gooey Hollywood homogenization via special effects and a time-straining screenplay adaptation by Steve Kloves (the sorcerer's stone' is first mentioned at the 90 min. mark I kid you not!).  I'm sure for purist Potter freaks they'll be gasming over this and looking forward to the next chapter; I'm not.  (Dir: Chris Columbus)
103	aha	2	HARRY POTTER AND THE SORCERER'S STONE (2001) ** Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Emma Watson, Robbie Coltrane, Richard Harris, Alan Rickman, Maggie Smith, Ian Hart, John Hurt, Zoe Wanamaker, John Cleese, Warwick Davis, Richard Griffiths, Fiona Shaw, Julie Walters.  Overrated hoopla over JK Rowling's internationally popular junior wizard in training in this first outing with Master Potter enrolled in Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry with the thick, gooey Hollywood homogenization via special effects and a time-straining screenplay adaptation by Steve Kloves (the sorcerer's stone' is first mentioned at the 90 min. mark I kid you not!).  I'm sure for purist Potter freaks they'll be gasming over this and looking forward to the next chapter; I'm not.  (Dir: Chris Columbus)
104	jlee	3	Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (2001) is a movie I recently watched with my daughter on HBOMAX. The storyline follows an orphaned young man with a strange mark on his forehead who lives with his aunt, uncle and cousin. One day he is informed that he is special and is destined to attend a special school for those with magic. He is whisked off to a world like he could never imagine where he will quickly discover that he is a destined to be a savior for everyone with magic...
104	aha	2	Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (2001) is a movie I recently watched with my daughter on HBOMAX. The storyline follows an orphaned young man with a strange mark on his forehead who lives with his aunt, uncle and cousin. One day he is informed that he is special and is destined to attend a special school for those with magic. He is whisked off to a world like he could never imagine where he will quickly discover that he is a destined to be a savior for everyone with magic...
105	jlee	3	Harry Potter and The Sorcerer's Stone is an amazing start to the Harry Potter series by setting the stage for how the books will be adapted to the big screen. It is a bit outdated and does has its flaws in quality but as to be expected seeing as it's the first of the series and needed to establish the series before the movies could advance. The movie itself does stay true to the book and has a very similar whimsical and nostalgic feel throughout. All of the main characters are portrayed well and accurately and you just feel entrenched in the magic throughout. Highly recommend this movie and the entire series.
105	aha	3	Harry Potter and The Sorcerer's Stone is an amazing start to the Harry Potter series by setting the stage for how the books will be adapted to the big screen. It is a bit outdated and does has its flaws in quality but as to be expected seeing as it's the first of the series and needed to establish the series before the movies could advance. The movie itself does stay true to the book and has a very similar whimsical and nostalgic feel throughout. All of the main characters are portrayed well and accurately and you just feel entrenched in the magic throughout. Highly recommend this movie and the entire series.
106	jlee	3	Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is not a perfect film, but it is a magical film. The franchise has been a large part of my life for most of my life. With the first book coming out when I was three years old and the first movie when I was seven, there is a special place in my heart for the Wizarding World of Harry Potter.
106	aha	3	Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is not a perfect film, but it is a magical film. The franchise has been a large part of my life for most of my life. With the first book coming out when I was three years old and the first movie when I was seven, there is a special place in my heart for the Wizarding World of Harry Potter.
107	jlee	3	Harry Potter and the sorcerer's stone is the worst of the six films. It's not that it's a bad film, which it's not. I don't want to be mean here, but the three main characters, Harry,Ron, and Hermione, are annoying. I know it was there debut, but i'm sorry. I'm not even sure if it was there fault. But the reason why I think it's the worst is because the three main actors(Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint and Emma Watson) are annoying. It's not that they're bad actors. The thing is that Why would these three kids care about all of this stuff. Besides Harry Potter himself, why would the characters care if Snape was a villain or about the Sorcerer's stone or anything? They're supposed to be eleven. That's not all that I have a problem with. Chris Columbus doesn't have the mind that Alfonso Cuaron, Mike Newell and David Yates have. He's used to all of the cutsy stuff. I'm making The Sorcerer's stone seem like a bad film, which it's not. It is still a fun, cute movie to watch. At least the first two films aren't as good as any of the Lord of the Rings films. I mean seem like i'm not recommending it, but I am recommending it. Despite some of the flaws, Harry Potter and the sorcerer's Stone is on par with the book. it's the weakest of the films, but it's still a lot of fun.
107	aha	2	Harry Potter and the sorcerer's stone is the worst of the six films. It's not that it's a bad film, which it's not. I don't want to be mean here, but the three main characters, Harry,Ron, and Hermione, are annoying. I know it was there debut, but i'm sorry. I'm not even sure if it was there fault. But the reason why I think it's the worst is because the three main actors(Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint and Emma Watson) are annoying. It's not that they're bad actors. The thing is that Why would these three kids care about all of this stuff. Besides Harry Potter himself, why would the characters care if Snape was a villain or about the Sorcerer's stone or anything? They're supposed to be eleven. That's not all that I have a problem with. Chris Columbus doesn't have the mind that Alfonso Cuaron, Mike Newell and David Yates have. He's used to all of the cutsy stuff. I'm making The Sorcerer's stone seem like a bad film, which it's not. It is still a fun, cute movie to watch. At least the first two films aren't as good as any of the Lord of the Rings films. I mean seem like i'm not recommending it, but I am recommending it. Despite some of the flaws, Harry Potter and the sorcerer's Stone is on par with the book. it's the weakest of the films, but it's still a lot of fun.
108	jlee	3	Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone (4 out of 5 stars).
108	aha	3	Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone (4 out of 5 stars).
109	jlee	3	Harry Potter is a child left at the door of his uncles' house after the early death of his parents by a bearded old man, a small giant and a cat woman when he was just a baby. He is a green-eyed boy who wears split glasses and has messy black hair. He also had a special feature, a ray-shaped scar on his forehead. The uncles hated him and treated him very badly. He slept in a cupboard under the stairs and was constantly badly treated by his fat cousin. One day they went to the zoo and Harry trying to talk to a snake made the glass disappear without knowing how.
109	aha	1	Harry Potter is a child left at the door of his uncles' house after the early death of his parents by a bearded old man, a small giant and a cat woman when he was just a baby. He is a green-eyed boy who wears split glasses and has messy black hair. He also had a special feature, a ray-shaped scar on his forehead. The uncles hated him and treated him very badly. He slept in a cupboard under the stairs and was constantly badly treated by his fat cousin. One day they went to the zoo and Harry trying to talk to a snake made the glass disappear without knowing how.
110	jlee	2	Harry potter is a pretty good movie. It has fine cgi, very good world building lovable characters, great acting, etc. The only real problem with the movie is the drawn out ending, which was super boring and filled with plot holes.
110	aha	3	Harry potter is a pretty good movie. It has fine cgi, very good world building lovable characters, great acting, etc. The only real problem with the movie is the drawn out ending, which was super boring and filled with plot holes.
111	jlee	3	Harry Potter is an orphan living with his ignorant uncle and aunt under their stairs. He finds out that he is actually a wizard and there is a secret world out there.
111	aha	2	Harry Potter is an orphan living with his ignorant uncle and aunt under their stairs. He finds out that he is actually a wizard and there is a secret world out there.
112	jlee	3	Harry Potter is something that I grew up with, movies, games and the novels but I've only read the first two. These movies for me are masterpieces of its genre, it was just great in every aspect. Some things like the special effects, visuals and sets were groundbreaking back in 2001 and it still holds up today except that I can sadly tell that it's CGI at times but I didn't mind it at all. It still has the same heart, the characters are still great, intriguing, funny and well cast. I almost remembered every single scene except for a couple minor ones, I have watched these movies so many times and I still find them enjoyable, even as an adult. Today I noticed that the movie got nominated to 3 Oscars and they were right to get nominations, the music and soundtrack by John Williams should have won as it is something unique and perfect, one of my all time favorite movie soundtracks as it just flows so well with the movie.
112	aha	3	Harry Potter is something that I grew up with, movies, games and the novels but I've only read the first two. These movies for me are masterpieces of its genre, it was just great in every aspect. Some things like the special effects, visuals and sets were groundbreaking back in 2001 and it still holds up today except that I can sadly tell that it's CGI at times but I didn't mind it at all. It still has the same heart, the characters are still great, intriguing, funny and well cast. I almost remembered every single scene except for a couple minor ones, I have watched these movies so many times and I still find them enjoyable, even as an adult. Today I noticed that the movie got nominated to 3 Oscars and they were right to get nominations, the music and soundtrack by John Williams should have won as it is something unique and perfect, one of my all time favorite movie soundtracks as it just flows so well with the movie.
113	jlee	3	Having just watched HP7A aka Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1, my mind flies back - almost magically, one might say - to the film which started it all.
113	aha	3	Having just watched HP7A aka Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1, my mind flies back - almost magically, one might say - to the film which started it all.
114	jlee	3	How sad it is to begin the reader's comments with a whining, complaining, drone against everything about this movie. Why not pick a balanced view. Good grief! Did someone poison your dog? It made it sound like this doesn't compare favorably with "Hamburger: The Movie." I am a over fifty years old and thought I would be pretty lukewarm to a "kids" movie. I have been listening for a year to kids raving about the Harry Potter books. Their eyes light up--they are enthused about a "book." When I went to see it, I had just read the book the night before because I like to see how they translate. The script was delightful. The characters were charming. The acting in this movie is wonderful--were you expecting Bergman? The pacing is delightful. The sets are eerie and forbidding. I thought that the wonderment of the characters was there in full force. Who did you have in mind to play Harry? Are there any actors that you approve of? Perhaps Kevin Spacy should have played Harry. How about the blond girl from American Beauty as Hermione. Johnny Depp as Ron Weasley. Oh yeah--as I recall, Stephen Spielberg has made a couple of pretty decent movies.
114	aha	3	How sad it is to begin the reader's comments with a whining, complaining, drone against everything about this movie. Why not pick a balanced view. Good grief! Did someone poison your dog? It made it sound like this doesn't compare favorably with "Hamburger: The Movie." I am a over fifty years old and thought I would be pretty lukewarm to a "kids" movie. I have been listening for a year to kids raving about the Harry Potter books. Their eyes light up--they are enthused about a "book." When I went to see it, I had just read the book the night before because I like to see how they translate. The script was delightful. The characters were charming. The acting in this movie is wonderful--were you expecting Bergman? The pacing is delightful. The sets are eerie and forbidding. I thought that the wonderment of the characters was there in full force. Who did you have in mind to play Harry? Are there any actors that you approve of? Perhaps Kevin Spacy should have played Harry. How about the blond girl from American Beauty as Hermione. Johnny Depp as Ron Weasley. Oh yeah--as I recall, Stephen Spielberg has made a couple of pretty decent movies.
115	jlee	3	I first watched this on VHS way back in the day, I remember thinking eh... it was ok, then a few years later got into the books and came back to watch the movies and BAM that was it.
115	aha	3	I first watched this on VHS way back in the day, I remember thinking eh... it was ok, then a few years later got into the books and came back to watch the movies and BAM that was it.
116	jlee	3	I have been re-viewing the Potter films in order, building up to the last two installments, which I have yet to see. Watching them in order allows me to judge which were, in my humble opinion, are better than others.
116	aha	3	I have been re-viewing the Potter films in order, building up to the last two installments, which I have yet to see. Watching them in order allows me to judge which were, in my humble opinion, are better than others.
117	jlee	3	I have never read the book this film is supposed to be based on, therefore, I can only judge this movie by itself. And there is not much to judge. I quit after 40 minutes or so and I have no regrets. The acting is ... well, it's not there. The script is a fairy tale, which takes itself way too seriously, making the story as dull and predictable as possible. The camera work is so standard, you can predict the angle of the next shot. What can I say - I just hope the book is better, since many kids like it. I would have given it 3 out of 10, but the wasted budget and the hype take their toll... 1 out of 10. A disgrace.
117	aha	3	I have never read the book this film is supposed to be based on, therefore, I can only judge this movie by itself. And there is not much to judge. I quit after 40 minutes or so and I have no regrets. The acting is ... well, it's not there. The script is a fairy tale, which takes itself way too seriously, making the story as dull and predictable as possible. The camera work is so standard, you can predict the angle of the next shot. What can I say - I just hope the book is better, since many kids like it. I would have given it 3 out of 10, but the wasted budget and the hype take their toll... 1 out of 10. A disgrace.
118	jlee	3	I have seen this movie numerous times on TV, but I was never able to watch it in it's entirety some reason until today where I managed to watch it all and it did not disappoint. The story is just really intriguing right from the start where you introduced to the character Harry Potter who is just very likeable which makes you root for him against his so called family. The world of Hogwarts is amazing and makes you want to wish it was a real place. The story is easy to follow and it's not predictable which I liked as there are a few twists which just make the movie even more thrilling. I have seen bits of the other movies on TV as well and I hope they are as good if not better as this.
118	aha	3	I have seen this movie numerous times on TV, but I was never able to watch it in it's entirety some reason until today where I managed to watch it all and it did not disappoint. The story is just really intriguing right from the start where you introduced to the character Harry Potter who is just very likeable which makes you root for him against his so called family. The world of Hogwarts is amazing and makes you want to wish it was a real place. The story is easy to follow and it's not predictable which I liked as there are a few twists which just make the movie even more thrilling. I have seen bits of the other movies on TV as well and I hope they are as good if not better as this.
119	jlee	3	I just finished watching all the Harry Potter films back to back to back to back. What a crazy trip. Before starting this review, here is my ranking, from best to worst:
119	aha	3	I just finished watching all the Harry Potter films back to back to back to back. What a crazy trip. Before starting this review, here is my ranking, from best to worst:
120	jlee	3	I know I'm probably the only one that didn't care for this film, but I thought it was plain boring. The adaptation of the book is just OK and the acting is average. Frankly it's a pity to see all the great English actors in this film totally wasted and relegated to play second fiddle. The effects are very well done, but it's such a conventional treatment of the books that I kept checking my watch a few times to see when was it going to be over. It's very curious that hardly any of the young people in the audience didn't laugh at all. This Harry Potter is very heavy handed and it should have emphasized the fun and could have used a few lighter moments.
120	aha	3	I know I'm probably the only one that didn't care for this film, but I thought it was plain boring. The adaptation of the book is just OK and the acting is average. Frankly it's a pity to see all the great English actors in this film totally wasted and relegated to play second fiddle. The effects are very well done, but it's such a conventional treatment of the books that I kept checking my watch a few times to see when was it going to be over. It's very curious that hardly any of the young people in the audience didn't laugh at all. This Harry Potter is very heavy handed and it should have emphasized the fun and could have used a few lighter moments.
121	jlee	3	I love this film. Yes, nostalgia has a lot to do with my love, but I don't care. This film came out when I was seven years old and I was in first grade. My mother and father took me to our local movie theater to see it. Harry Potter book mania was in full swing and the phenomenon with the wonderful film series was about to explode with joy. Re- watching the films in order now I can look back on this film with a certain point of view. The first three H.P. films feel like stand alone stories and for the most part set up about 70% of the saga. Now that's was "Sorcerer's Stone is" a wonderful world building movie that keeps getting built upon with each new film.
121	aha	3	I love this film. Yes, nostalgia has a lot to do with my love, but I don't care. This film came out when I was seven years old and I was in first grade. My mother and father took me to our local movie theater to see it. Harry Potter book mania was in full swing and the phenomenon with the wonderful film series was about to explode with joy. Re- watching the films in order now I can look back on this film with a certain point of view. The first three H.P. films feel like stand alone stories and for the most part set up about 70% of the saga. Now that's was "Sorcerer's Stone is" a wonderful world building movie that keeps getting built upon with each new film.
122	jlee	3	I love this movie. I was too young to watch it when it came out, I was only four, but when I was old enough to watch it, I just loved it so much. It's so good. The storyline, acting, effects and music are all great. This Harry Potter film is probably my third favorite behind, Goblet Of Fire and Deathly Hallows: Part Two. Which isn't bad, third favorite out of eight movies. If you ever have a Harry Potter-thon, which I do, strap yourself in, because your in for almost twenty hours of amazement.
122	aha	3	I love this movie. I was too young to watch it when it came out, I was only four, but when I was old enough to watch it, I just loved it so much. It's so good. The storyline, acting, effects and music are all great. This Harry Potter film is probably my third favorite behind, Goblet Of Fire and Deathly Hallows: Part Two. Which isn't bad, third favorite out of eight movies. If you ever have a Harry Potter-thon, which I do, strap yourself in, because your in for almost twenty hours of amazement.
123	jlee	3	I really liked this film, but I much prefer the book, which has a lot more magic and wonder. Daniel Radcliffe is very likable as Harry, and he is given solid support by a funny Rupert Grint and a good Emma Watson, though she was annoying at times. The scene stealer was definitely Robbie Coltrane; I actually can't imagine anyone else playing Hagrid, Coltrane was just hilarious. Alan Rickman and Maggie Smith were also great, but for me the standout was the late Richard Harris. Now I much prefer Harris's interpretation of Dumbledore. He was soft-spoken, and actually fitted the part better. Both of these qualities were lost in the interpretation that Michael Gambon gave. I am not saying that Michael Gambon was bad, he just wasn't my ideal choice for Harris's replacement. The film is fairly faithful to its source material, and looks very beautiful. However, it is a bit long, and very young children may find Voldemort too frightening. I know because I have triplet brother and sisters who saw it, and couldn't sleep for about a month after viewing. In conclusion, a very good film, well performed and quite dark. 8/10 Bethany Cox
123	aha	1	I really liked this film, but I much prefer the book, which has a lot more magic and wonder. Daniel Radcliffe is very likable as Harry, and he is given solid support by a funny Rupert Grint and a good Emma Watson, though she was annoying at times. The scene stealer was definitely Robbie Coltrane; I actually can't imagine anyone else playing Hagrid, Coltrane was just hilarious. Alan Rickman and Maggie Smith were also great, but for me the standout was the late Richard Harris. Now I much prefer Harris's interpretation of Dumbledore. He was soft-spoken, and actually fitted the part better. Both of these qualities were lost in the interpretation that Michael Gambon gave. I am not saying that Michael Gambon was bad, he just wasn't my ideal choice for Harris's replacement. The film is fairly faithful to its source material, and looks very beautiful. However, it is a bit long, and very young children may find Voldemort too frightening. I know because I have triplet brother and sisters who saw it, and couldn't sleep for about a month after viewing. In conclusion, a very good film, well performed and quite dark. 8/10 Bethany Cox
124	jlee	3	I saw this movie 3 times. It was so good, and I love the book, of how they wrote it and they also did put alot of stuff in the movie from the book and I like it. I really think this movie was very good. But I am still happy, that it is not scary. But I really liked this movie and I really think this movie. I gave it a thumb up, all the way. So feel free to respond and talk to you soon everyone!!!
124	aha	3	I saw this movie 3 times. It was so good, and I love the book, of how they wrote it and they also did put alot of stuff in the movie from the book and I like it. I really think this movie was very good. But I am still happy, that it is not scary. But I really liked this movie and I really think this movie. I gave it a thumb up, all the way. So feel free to respond and talk to you soon everyone!!!
125	jlee	3	I think I may sound like a stooge if I say this, but it is now that I have finally watched this movie. Throughout my life - school days, college, internet; I often used to see people going non-stop about Harry Potter (I think they are called Potterheads). Harry Potter this, Harry Potter that. So finally yesterday I decided to give it a try and oh my god, it's amazing! Why didn't I see it back when I had the chance to?
125	aha	3	I think I may sound like a stooge if I say this, but it is now that I have finally watched this movie. Throughout my life - school days, college, internet; I often used to see people going non-stop about Harry Potter (I think they are called Potterheads). Harry Potter this, Harry Potter that. So finally yesterday I decided to give it a try and oh my god, it's amazing! Why didn't I see it back when I had the chance to?
126	jlee	3	I was quite surprised to see that this movie only rated around 6.5. So it begs the question, exactly how enjoyable, clever, truly magical and unique does a fantasy movie have to be to rate close to or specifically a "10"?
126	aha	3	I was quite surprised to see that this movie only rated around 6.5. So it begs the question, exactly how enjoyable, clever, truly magical and unique does a fantasy movie have to be to rate close to or specifically a "10"?
127	jlee	3	I'm not a fan of the books. The ones I read seem like Roald Dahl wannabes. To me the books were young adult fiction that seems like young adult fiction.
127	aha	3	I'm not a fan of the books. The ones I read seem like Roald Dahl wannabes. To me the books were young adult fiction that seems like young adult fiction.
128	jlee	3	I'm really sorry.
128	aha	3	I'm really sorry.
129	jlee	3	I'm very pleased! I watched all the movie! I have been Cried when I'm watching the last part of this movie! Love You Everyone ❤ Thank You Thank You Soo Much! I will show the movie series to my future children!
129	aha	3	I'm very pleased! I watched all the movie! I have been Cried when I'm watching the last part of this movie! Love You Everyone ❤ Thank You Thank You Soo Much! I will show the movie series to my future children!
130	jlee	3	I've read all the Harry Potter books and really liked them. This movie pales in comparison to the books.  Too much is left out of the movie, especially the ending.  The book shows how all 3 kids overcome the challenges by doing what they are good at. And the movie leaves some of that out.  The kids were awful actors.  They must have cast the cheapest kids they could find.
130	aha	3	I've read all the Harry Potter books and really liked them. This movie pales in comparison to the books.  Too much is left out of the movie, especially the ending.  The book shows how all 3 kids overcome the challenges by doing what they are good at. And the movie leaves some of that out.  The kids were awful actors.  They must have cast the cheapest kids they could find.
131	jlee	3	I've read every harry Potter book available and was fascinated with them. The world and characters J.K. Rowling created are marvelous, these are going to be fantasy classics in books. What about the movies?
131	aha	3	I've read every harry Potter book available and was fascinated with them. The world and characters J.K. Rowling created are marvelous, these are going to be fantasy classics in books. What about the movies?
132	jlee	3	I've seen "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" quite a few times now. Tonight was the first time I really enjoyed it. It's not a perfect movie but the flaws bothered me less than they usually do. The movie is a little too long. The special effects are well done but they're also non-stop. Tonight, however, I enjoyed the characters more than I have before. The movie does have a certain charm. Now I'm willing to give the other movies in the series (I've seen them all multiple times) another chance.
132	aha	3	I've seen "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" quite a few times now. Tonight was the first time I really enjoyed it. It's not a perfect movie but the flaws bothered me less than they usually do. The movie is a little too long. The special effects are well done but they're also non-stop. Tonight, however, I enjoyed the characters more than I have before. The movie does have a certain charm. Now I'm willing to give the other movies in the series (I've seen them all multiple times) another chance.
133	jlee	3	If you don't know your Potter (like me), than you might have a problem with the titles. With other series, it's easier to distinguish, which one is part 1, 2, 3 etc. etc. Even the Naked Gun series which has Parts 2 and half and 33 and a third, you still know the order (not of the Phoenix obviously!) ;o) 
133	aha	3	If you don't know your Potter (like me), than you might have a problem with the titles. With other series, it's easier to distinguish, which one is part 1, 2, 3 etc. etc. Even the Naked Gun series which has Parts 2 and half and 33 and a third, you still know the order (not of the Phoenix obviously!) ;o) 
134	jlee	3	If you watch "Sorcerer's Stone" without reading the book first, there are certain narrative points that you will miss or not quite be as clear on (as usual). However, watching the movie closely following the reading experience will actually expand upon the Potter myth (I gave the first book four stars) due to this film's ability to lay the groundwork of the series in such stunning visuals and characters.
134	aha	3	If you watch "Sorcerer's Stone" without reading the book first, there are certain narrative points that you will miss or not quite be as clear on (as usual). However, watching the movie closely following the reading experience will actually expand upon the Potter myth (I gave the first book four stars) due to this film's ability to lay the groundwork of the series in such stunning visuals and characters.
135	jlee	3	Imaginative, enchanting tale from the novel by J.K. Rowling about a beleaguered young boy who lives with his spoiled cousin and supercilious aunt and uncle. It's not until his eleventh birthday that he learns he's a wizard of unlimited potential, and is recruited to enroll at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry where his late parents have a legacy. The teaching staff prepares him for big things, but he immediately learns that being a wizard is a much more than just fun and games. Engaging story creates a vivid world of magic, mysticism, and trickery, with effective performances from its predominantly young cast, but the script and story can't hold up to the impact of all the razzle-dazzle, and it goes on too long. There's plenty to take in, and lots of fun to be had, but the film is slow going at first, then fast-paced and exciting, then eventually slows down again as it nears its conclusion. **½
135	aha	1	Imaginative, enchanting tale from the novel by J.K. Rowling about a beleaguered young boy who lives with his spoiled cousin and supercilious aunt and uncle. It's not until his eleventh birthday that he learns he's a wizard of unlimited potential, and is recruited to enroll at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry where his late parents have a legacy. The teaching staff prepares him for big things, but he immediately learns that being a wizard is a much more than just fun and games. Engaging story creates a vivid world of magic, mysticism, and trickery, with effective performances from its predominantly young cast, but the script and story can't hold up to the impact of all the razzle-dazzle, and it goes on too long. There's plenty to take in, and lots of fun to be had, but the film is slow going at first, then fast-paced and exciting, then eventually slows down again as it nears its conclusion. **½
136	jlee	3	In many ways the best of the franchise so far. I was free from any anticipation for this film being not overly impressed by the fantasy genre. This film redeems itself above other sorcery films with its old fashioned English ambiance being greater than arch and portentous fantasy.
136	aha	3	In many ways the best of the franchise so far. I was free from any anticipation for this film being not overly impressed by the fantasy genre. This film redeems itself above other sorcery films with its old fashioned English ambiance being greater than arch and portentous fantasy.
137	jlee	3	In the first film, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, Harry thinks he is"just Harry". But actually he's a wizard who lives with his hostile uncle, aunt and cousin somewhere just outside London. On one special day he gets a letter, but his mean uncle Vernon Dursley prevents Harry from opening the letter, which results in an invasion of letters to Harry from Hogwarts, school of Witchcraft and Wizardry. The friendly half-giant Hagrid saves Harry on his eleventh birthday and brings him to the place where he can buy all the things he needs. After finding a wand and a pet, he goes to the station - platform 9 3/4 to be precise - and hops on the train to Hogwarts. This is where he meets his future best friends: Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. At Hogwarts he meets all the rest of the school, including the teachers and headmaster Dumbledore. He learns all new stuff, find friends but also learns about his past and parents. This first year is also the first time he encounters the most evil wizard of all time: Lord Voldemort, or at least a part of him.
137	aha	1	In the first film, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, Harry thinks he is"just Harry". But actually he's a wizard who lives with his hostile uncle, aunt and cousin somewhere just outside London. On one special day he gets a letter, but his mean uncle Vernon Dursley prevents Harry from opening the letter, which results in an invasion of letters to Harry from Hogwarts, school of Witchcraft and Wizardry. The friendly half-giant Hagrid saves Harry on his eleventh birthday and brings him to the place where he can buy all the things he needs. After finding a wand and a pet, he goes to the station - platform 9 3/4 to be precise - and hops on the train to Hogwarts. This is where he meets his future best friends: Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. At Hogwarts he meets all the rest of the school, including the teachers and headmaster Dumbledore. He learns all new stuff, find friends but also learns about his past and parents. This first year is also the first time he encounters the most evil wizard of all time: Lord Voldemort, or at least a part of him.
138	jlee	3	In the first outing for Harry Potter, he learns of his descent from a magical background and enrols at the school of witchcraft and wizardry 'Hogwarts'
138	aha	2	In the first outing for Harry Potter, he learns of his descent from a magical background and enrols at the school of witchcraft and wizardry 'Hogwarts'
139	jlee	3	It's a movie made for people who think that magic is cute and fun.  If you're a fantasy fan like I am, and believe in magic (in a fictional sense) then you may very well detest this movie, as I did.  Magic comes easily to little Harry Potter, who has no personality to speak of except that he is occasionally sad that he never met his mum and dad.  Years of abuse and neglect have left not a mark on him, so when he gets invited to Hogwarts Academy of Magic, he has nowhere for his character to go.  There he flies around on his broomstick and gets to be a big hero quite by accident without ever confronting any serious obstacles or anything resembling a plot.  In all this, the film is an excellent adaptation of the book, which also thought that magic is cutesy wootesy.
139	aha	2	It's a movie made for people who think that magic is cute and fun.  If you're a fantasy fan like I am, and believe in magic (in a fictional sense) then you may very well detest this movie, as I did.  Magic comes easily to little Harry Potter, who has no personality to speak of except that he is occasionally sad that he never met his mum and dad.  Years of abuse and neglect have left not a mark on him, so when he gets invited to Hogwarts Academy of Magic, he has nowhere for his character to go.  There he flies around on his broomstick and gets to be a big hero quite by accident without ever confronting any serious obstacles or anything resembling a plot.  In all this, the film is an excellent adaptation of the book, which also thought that magic is cutesy wootesy.
140	jlee	3	J. K. Rowling's "Harry Potter" novels have caught the imagination of the public like no other children's literature of recent years, not even Philip Pullman's "His Dark Materials". Rowling's stroke of genius was to combine two areas of children's fiction which are normally kept separate, the world of magic and witchcraft and the world of the boarding school. (The "school story", dating back at least to "Tom Brown's Schooldays" from the early Victorian period, has long been a prolific source of children's literature in Britain, if less so in other countries). 
140	aha	3	J. K. Rowling's "Harry Potter" novels have caught the imagination of the public like no other children's literature of recent years, not even Philip Pullman's "His Dark Materials". Rowling's stroke of genius was to combine two areas of children's fiction which are normally kept separate, the world of magic and witchcraft and the world of the boarding school. (The "school story", dating back at least to "Tom Brown's Schooldays" from the early Victorian period, has long been a prolific source of children's literature in Britain, if less so in other countries). 
141	jlee	3	Literally anyone could write this story. Nothing is original, the effects are mostly bad, the acting is bad, the direction is bad and the music score was written by John Williams 25 years ago (if you get my meaning).
141	aha	3	Literally anyone could write this story. Nothing is original, the effects are mostly bad, the acting is bad, the direction is bad and the music score was written by John Williams 25 years ago (if you get my meaning).
142	jlee	2	Maybe the first problem with this kind of movies is their subject; MAGIC. We cannot argue about any aspects of it, because it's magic; anything is possible, we must shut our mouths and sit like a good kid and watch it without any digestion. And that's where the problem grows. We see lots of possible things without any background or history and yet we see some normal things that they cannot do, for example they have this cloak to hide but this could be unnecessary. Why couldn't they just hide themselves with that sticks? Oh, they're not able to do that!!!
142	aha	2	Maybe the first problem with this kind of movies is their subject; MAGIC. We cannot argue about any aspects of it, because it's magic; anything is possible, we must shut our mouths and sit like a good kid and watch it without any digestion. And that's where the problem grows. We see lots of possible things without any background or history and yet we see some normal things that they cannot do, for example they have this cloak to hide but this could be unnecessary. Why couldn't they just hide themselves with that sticks? Oh, they're not able to do that!!!
143	jlee	3	My Take: It's every bit a new pop-culture classic. An astounding, magical adventure. 
143	aha	3	My Take: It's every bit a new pop-culture classic. An astounding, magical adventure. 
144	jlee	3	Now I'm not the sort of hateful guy that looks at such a movie and cries foul.  I suppose if the Catholics can have corrupted priests...  us Christians can have Nazi supported book burnings.  What.. are we paranoid of this?   Lemme guess..  they're gonna go apeskip over Halloween.
144	aha	3	Now I'm not the sort of hateful guy that looks at such a movie and cries foul.  I suppose if the Catholics can have corrupted priests...  us Christians can have Nazi supported book burnings.  What.. are we paranoid of this?   Lemme guess..  they're gonna go apeskip over Halloween.
145	jlee	2	Once upon a time (and not that long ago), in the vivid, fertile imagination of author J.K. Rowling, a character was born:  A boy.  A young boy named Harry, who was destined to become one of the most beloved characters to emerge from a work of fiction in a long, long time, and was quickly embraced by young and old alike in all corners of the world.  And now, thanks to the magic of the cinema, Harry and his companions fairly leap from the pages of the novel to the silver screen in the phenomenal motion picture, `Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone,' directed by Chris Columbus and written for the screen by Steve Kloves.  Indeed, Harry Potter is a boy, but not just any boy; because Harry (Daniel Radcliffe) just happens to be a wizard.  But, orphaned as a baby, Harry has been raised by his Aunt Petunia (Fiona Shaw) and Uncle Vernon Dursley (Richard Griffiths), who never let him in on the fact that he was, well-- what he was.  It seems that Petunia didn't approve of her own sister-- Harry's mother-- because she was a witch; nor of Harry's father because he, too, was a wizard.  When Harry turns eleven, however, the secret is out of the bag when-- after some strange goings-on-- a giant of a man named Rubeus Hagrid (Robbie Coltrane) shows up at the Dursley's door to collect Harry and take him off to `Hogwarts,' a school for wizards and witches and all who would perfect the gift with which they were born:  The gift of magic!  And from the moment Harry boards the train (from station platform nine-and-three-quarters) that will take him to his destiny, the magic is alive-- for Harry, and for the audience, as well; and it's a journey you will never forget.
145	aha	1	Once upon a time (and not that long ago), in the vivid, fertile imagination of author J.K. Rowling, a character was born:  A boy.  A young boy named Harry, who was destined to become one of the most beloved characters to emerge from a work of fiction in a long, long time, and was quickly embraced by young and old alike in all corners of the world.  And now, thanks to the magic of the cinema, Harry and his companions fairly leap from the pages of the novel to the silver screen in the phenomenal motion picture, `Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone,' directed by Chris Columbus and written for the screen by Steve Kloves.  Indeed, Harry Potter is a boy, but not just any boy; because Harry (Daniel Radcliffe) just happens to be a wizard.  But, orphaned as a baby, Harry has been raised by his Aunt Petunia (Fiona Shaw) and Uncle Vernon Dursley (Richard Griffiths), who never let him in on the fact that he was, well-- what he was.  It seems that Petunia didn't approve of her own sister-- Harry's mother-- because she was a witch; nor of Harry's father because he, too, was a wizard.  When Harry turns eleven, however, the secret is out of the bag when-- after some strange goings-on-- a giant of a man named Rubeus Hagrid (Robbie Coltrane) shows up at the Dursley's door to collect Harry and take him off to `Hogwarts,' a school for wizards and witches and all who would perfect the gift with which they were born:  The gift of magic!  And from the moment Harry boards the train (from station platform nine-and-three-quarters) that will take him to his destiny, the magic is alive-- for Harry, and for the audience, as well; and it's a journey you will never forget.
146	jlee	3	One of my favorite books, unfortunately the movie doesn't keep up to the standards. Also disheartened by mediocre performance by the main actor, Ron and Hermione are really good though. Did not like the actors caster for Fred and George as really doesn't go with the impression one would get of those two from the book.
146	aha	3	One of my favorite books, unfortunately the movie doesn't keep up to the standards. Also disheartened by mediocre performance by the main actor, Ron and Hermione are really good though. Did not like the actors caster for Fred and George as really doesn't go with the impression one would get of those two from the book.
147	jlee	3	One of the most anticipated and one of the best films of 2001.
147	aha	3	One of the most anticipated and one of the best films of 2001.
148	jlee	2	Orphaned not long after his birth, "Harry Potter" (Daniel Radcliffe) is forced to live in the home of his only living relatives who treat him rather badly. That all changes one day when he is informed by a man named "Rebeus Hagrid" (Robbie Coltrane) that his parents were famous magicians and because of that he is invited to attend the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Needless to say, Harry accepts almost immediately and after Hagrid and he buy the necessary school equipment he begins his journey to the mystical academy. It's then that he meets two fellow students named "Ron Weasley" (Rupert Grint) and "Hermione Granger" (Emma Watson) who become his good friends and share in his triumphs and travails. Now rather than reveal any more I will just say that this film was based on the very successful book "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone" by J.K. Rowling and from what I understand remains quite faithful to the book. At least for the most part. In any case, I found it to be a fine fantasy film with the interaction between Harry and his two friends especially entertaining. Admittedly, there are some slow parts here and there and it does run a bit long (152 minutes). Even so, despite the faults just mentioned, I believe this to be one of those rare movies which can be enjoyed by the entire family and I have rated it accordingly. Above average.
148	aha	2	Orphaned not long after his birth, "Harry Potter" (Daniel Radcliffe) is forced to live in the home of his only living relatives who treat him rather badly. That all changes one day when he is informed by a man named "Rebeus Hagrid" (Robbie Coltrane) that his parents were famous magicians and because of that he is invited to attend the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Needless to say, Harry accepts almost immediately and after Hagrid and he buy the necessary school equipment he begins his journey to the mystical academy. It's then that he meets two fellow students named "Ron Weasley" (Rupert Grint) and "Hermione Granger" (Emma Watson) who become his good friends and share in his triumphs and travails. Now rather than reveal any more I will just say that this film was based on the very successful book "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone" by J.K. Rowling and from what I understand remains quite faithful to the book. At least for the most part. In any case, I found it to be a fine fantasy film with the interaction between Harry and his two friends especially entertaining. Admittedly, there are some slow parts here and there and it does run a bit long (152 minutes). Even so, despite the faults just mentioned, I believe this to be one of those rare movies which can be enjoyed by the entire family and I have rated it accordingly. Above average.
149	jlee	3	Philosopher's stone was a great start to the HP movie series. They visualised the essentials of the story, making the magic come to life. The amount of concept visualisation it took to make the movies a reality was incredible. From props to set design, costume design and character portrayal, the series is a must watch, especially if you need something to watch with family and friends.
149	aha	3	Philosopher's stone was a great start to the HP movie series. They visualised the essentials of the story, making the magic come to life. The amount of concept visualisation it took to make the movies a reality was incredible. From props to set design, costume design and character portrayal, the series is a must watch, especially if you need something to watch with family and friends.
150	jlee	3	Platform number 9(3/4) would have been discovered easily by muggle world as train platform are not that empty.
150	aha	3	Platform number 9(3/4) would have been discovered easily by muggle world as train platform are not that empty.
151	jlee	3	Probably the best start Harry Potter could have ever had. This film is incredible. It has everything you could have imagine. Action, sadness and even revenge. The way the film is set out is amazing. The style on Hogwarts and the CGI brings the book to life. All the characters are acted out perfectly and are just like they should be. I certify this film: GOOD.
151	aha	3	Probably the best start Harry Potter could have ever had. This film is incredible. It has everything you could have imagine. Action, sadness and even revenge. The way the film is set out is amazing. The style on Hogwarts and the CGI brings the book to life. All the characters are acted out perfectly and are just like they should be. I certify this film: GOOD.
152	jlee	3	Reminded me rather strongly of both 'Bedknobs and Broomsticks' and 'Oz', apparently does justice to the popular series of books. Now I have not read them-but the material certainly is familiar looking enough. I found this to be, at least as a film:
152	aha	3	Reminded me rather strongly of both 'Bedknobs and Broomsticks' and 'Oz', apparently does justice to the popular series of books. Now I have not read them-but the material certainly is familiar looking enough. I found this to be, at least as a film:
153	jlee	3	Rescued from the outrageous neglect of his aunt and uncle, a young boy with a great destiny proves his worth while attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.
153	aha	2	Rescued from the outrageous neglect of his aunt and uncle, a young boy with a great destiny proves his worth while attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.
154	jlee	3	Sorcerers stone is the movie that started all and where all magic and its world begun on which a lot of children grow up including me,sorcerers stone is a good stepining stone for a massive franchise,still it has some problems with tone shifting and balancing fun and serious moments and it intruduced some charcters that in other movies never appeared again by that i think they were unneceserey to be even in first one,but for first film it intruduced this world in good way and intuduced a lot beloved now even iconic characters
154	aha	3	Sorcerers stone is the movie that started all and where all magic and its world begun on which a lot of children grow up including me,sorcerers stone is a good stepining stone for a massive franchise,still it has some problems with tone shifting and balancing fun and serious moments and it intruduced some charcters that in other movies never appeared again by that i think they were unneceserey to be even in first one,but for first film it intruduced this world in good way and intuduced a lot beloved now even iconic characters
155	jlee	3	terribly contrived and juvenile.  From the outset, it treats viewers like they were little children - the problem is, that most children won't realize how terrible it is because they haven't the breadth of experience to notice how contrived and unoriginal the plot is.
155	aha	3	terribly contrived and juvenile.  From the outset, it treats viewers like they were little children - the problem is, that most children won't realize how terrible it is because they haven't the breadth of experience to notice how contrived and unoriginal the plot is.
156	jlee	3	The acting and order of events led up to a very good conclusion and I can see why people enjoy the harry potter films but unfortunately this film didn't spark for me leading to me not wanting to watch it again.
156	aha	3	The acting and order of events led up to a very good conclusion and I can see why people enjoy the harry potter films but unfortunately this film didn't spark for me leading to me not wanting to watch it again.
157	jlee	3	The Debut Movie that Flag-Shipped the Film-Series, that became a Phenom in Itself.
157	aha	3	The Debut Movie that Flag-Shipped the Film-Series, that became a Phenom in Itself.
158	jlee	3	The Harry Potter series has always been my favorite magic movie. I am a fan of Emma Watson, and I watch every movie of hers. I love Hermione so much. It is a pity that this movie was not seen in the cinema. The storyline is very restored to the novel, continuing the level of the previous few
158	aha	3	The Harry Potter series has always been my favorite magic movie. I am a fan of Emma Watson, and I watch every movie of hers. I love Hermione so much. It is a pity that this movie was not seen in the cinema. The storyline is very restored to the novel, continuing the level of the previous few
159	jlee	3	The only reason why I am not giving it 8 is because it target the children
159	aha	3	The only reason why I am not giving it 8 is because it target the children
160	jlee	2	There is a major difference between reviews here and this is very easy to explain. Anybody who (like me) has read the books multiple times, knowing the slightest details and loving absolutely everything from the series, can´t be completely happy with the film. For the neutral watcher who read the books maybe once or not even at all this movie must seem like a really entertaining and well directed film. The problem is that though very good acting, especially Alan Rickman as Snape, a beautiful scenery and very good camera work, the most important essentials of the books are pretty much non-existing. For instance, I, as an hardcore fan since the first time reading the books when i was 9, was always extremely interested in reading a passage of a normal school lesson or a normal day at any job of an fully educated wizard, eg in the ministry of magic. Rowling made us have the desire to always experience more of the universe she created. I was always amazed by the lightness and uncomplicated way of Rowlings writing, how she managed to let us accompany Harry in his daily life, making the actually extremely strange and funny way of the magicians life seem so normal and casual for the readers. The film on the other hand is more of a build-up to Harry´s first encounter with Voldemort, a scene that´s perfectly directed with impressive effects and good filming, which is definitely the highlight of as well film and book, with the difference that the book is more focused in describing Harry´s adventrous first year as a whole. The film is a little bit inconsistent in terms of how close it sticks to the book´s plot and this is another problem. Because of the book being so comprehensive and full it is nearly impossible not to skip any sections of the book. In my opinion the screenwriter should have either sticked closer to the book or distanced the filmplot more from it. Another thing i miss is the great dry humour the book is spiced with in a lot of ways. The problem is that this can´t really be translated in the movie because it´s often in the way Rowling describes things and not only in the dialogues. One thing that is awesome is the music. In my opinion John Williams is the best film music composer and the way he captures the mysterious and thrilling atmosphere and the majesty and greatness of Hogwarts is marvelous. At the end I can say that the film can meet the expectations but it´s just not possible to convince a haerdore fan completely, just because while reading the book, everybody creates his own picture of Hogwarts, the characters and the scenery. This is called imagination, it is the best part of reading a book, not possible to be translated completetly satisfyingly into a movie and the reason to my big recommandation concerning Harry Potter and also every other book which is filmed. Read the book first! If you watch the film first and read the books afterwards you´ll miss a great time imagining everything for yourself. And this will come espescially pronounced in the books of Harry Potter.
160	aha	1	There is a major difference between reviews here and this is very easy to explain. Anybody who (like me) has read the books multiple times, knowing the slightest details and loving absolutely everything from the series, can´t be completely happy with the film. For the neutral watcher who read the books maybe once or not even at all this movie must seem like a really entertaining and well directed film. The problem is that though very good acting, especially Alan Rickman as Snape, a beautiful scenery and very good camera work, the most important essentials of the books are pretty much non-existing. For instance, I, as an hardcore fan since the first time reading the books when i was 9, was always extremely interested in reading a passage of a normal school lesson or a normal day at any job of an fully educated wizard, eg in the ministry of magic. Rowling made us have the desire to always experience more of the universe she created. I was always amazed by the lightness and uncomplicated way of Rowlings writing, how she managed to let us accompany Harry in his daily life, making the actually extremely strange and funny way of the magicians life seem so normal and casual for the readers. The film on the other hand is more of a build-up to Harry´s first encounter with Voldemort, a scene that´s perfectly directed with impressive effects and good filming, which is definitely the highlight of as well film and book, with the difference that the book is more focused in describing Harry´s adventrous first year as a whole. The film is a little bit inconsistent in terms of how close it sticks to the book´s plot and this is another problem. Because of the book being so comprehensive and full it is nearly impossible not to skip any sections of the book. In my opinion the screenwriter should have either sticked closer to the book or distanced the filmplot more from it. Another thing i miss is the great dry humour the book is spiced with in a lot of ways. The problem is that this can´t really be translated in the movie because it´s often in the way Rowling describes things and not only in the dialogues. One thing that is awesome is the music. In my opinion John Williams is the best film music composer and the way he captures the mysterious and thrilling atmosphere and the majesty and greatness of Hogwarts is marvelous. At the end I can say that the film can meet the expectations but it´s just not possible to convince a haerdore fan completely, just because while reading the book, everybody creates his own picture of Hogwarts, the characters and the scenery. This is called imagination, it is the best part of reading a book, not possible to be translated completetly satisfyingly into a movie and the reason to my big recommandation concerning Harry Potter and also every other book which is filmed. Read the book first! If you watch the film first and read the books afterwards you´ll miss a great time imagining everything for yourself. And this will come espescially pronounced in the books of Harry Potter.
161	jlee	3	This film is by all means a classic, but classic does not mean great. Though the set design and camera work (not specifically cinematography but rather how the camera moved through scenes) and editing was great. That film as a whole does not deserve as much credit as it gets.
161	aha	3	This film is by all means a classic, but classic does not mean great. Though the set design and camera work (not specifically cinematography but rather how the camera moved through scenes) and editing was great. That film as a whole does not deserve as much credit as it gets.
162	jlee	3	This film is the best kids film ever and I never get tired of watching. It just gives that warm fuzzy feeling inside and I'm smiling like an idiot throughout. Each time I see it i notice something different. Thanks to JK Rowling for giving me and my son a bond for life. I can't imagine a life without Harry Potter in it.
162	aha	3	This film is the best kids film ever and I never get tired of watching. It just gives that warm fuzzy feeling inside and I'm smiling like an idiot throughout. Each time I see it i notice something different. Thanks to JK Rowling for giving me and my son a bond for life. I can't imagine a life without Harry Potter in it.
163	jlee	3	This film version of the children's classic has now been out long enough for us to take the p*ss. For Potter fans and kids basically. `Yes kids, you too can be like Harry Potter. All you need is a Christmas list as long as your arm, a shopping arcade and a parent with a credit card! And remember, if your parents won't buy it for you, that's proof that they don't love you enough and you should run away!' A soulless and uninspiring hack job designed to squeeze the maximum amount of dosh out of the viewing public.
163	aha	3	This film version of the children's classic has now been out long enough for us to take the p*ss. For Potter fans and kids basically. `Yes kids, you too can be like Harry Potter. All you need is a Christmas list as long as your arm, a shopping arcade and a parent with a credit card! And remember, if your parents won't buy it for you, that's proof that they don't love you enough and you should run away!' A soulless and uninspiring hack job designed to squeeze the maximum amount of dosh out of the viewing public.
164	jlee	3	This is the biggest movie farce in history.  First of all, The special effects make the adults go wild, and the little kiddies that dont even read the books, and look at the picture on the front cover, and try to be cool, see this movie because they are to lazy to read. This is the same exact story as the book.  Harry lives with a mean aunt and uncle, he goes to hogwarts, he plays quidditch.
164	aha	2	This is the biggest movie farce in history.  First of all, The special effects make the adults go wild, and the little kiddies that dont even read the books, and look at the picture on the front cover, and try to be cool, see this movie because they are to lazy to read. This is the same exact story as the book.  Harry lives with a mean aunt and uncle, he goes to hogwarts, he plays quidditch.
165	jlee	3	This masterpiece must be preserved perfectly to all the generations to come. This is a genius simple story that everyone can relete to sometime in their life. Every humans desire to escape from reality for a while, this excellent film series is one of the greatest series, if not the greatest and never gets old.
165	aha	3	This masterpiece must be preserved perfectly to all the generations to come. This is a genius simple story that everyone can relete to sometime in their life. Every humans desire to escape from reality for a while, this excellent film series is one of the greatest series, if not the greatest and never gets old.
166	jlee	3	This movie has some of the best child acting and child performances that I've ever seen! I've been a fan of this movie ever since 3rd grade and it's one of the best first installments that have ever been made (even though some of the special effects don't hold up anymore and it's looked faker over the years, however it still has awesome costumes and make up). The acting from the adults were impressive as well and I really got invested in the Harry Potter universe with this first film! Imo, it's even better than the Fellowship of the Ring! Plus, the music composed by John Williams is magical by itself! While many aren't fans of J. K. Rowling anymore, she will always deserve credit for this genius and magnificent creation!
166	aha	3	This movie has some of the best child acting and child performances that I've ever seen! I've been a fan of this movie ever since 3rd grade and it's one of the best first installments that have ever been made (even though some of the special effects don't hold up anymore and it's looked faker over the years, however it still has awesome costumes and make up). The acting from the adults were impressive as well and I really got invested in the Harry Potter universe with this first film! Imo, it's even better than the Fellowship of the Ring! Plus, the music composed by John Williams is magical by itself! While many aren't fans of J. K. Rowling anymore, she will always deserve credit for this genius and magnificent creation!
167	jlee	3	This movie is a delight for those of all ages.
167	aha	3	This movie is a delight for those of all ages.
168	jlee	3	This movie is pretty good, It's an enjoyable movie. It manages to set up the wizarding world and it never felt slow paced when they did it. There is some flaws to this movie and i will say them.
168	aha	3	This movie is pretty good, It's an enjoyable movie. It manages to set up the wizarding world and it never felt slow paced when they did it. There is some flaws to this movie and i will say them.
169	jlee	3	This was such a brilliantly done film. Well Harry Potter is a brilliantly done franchise in general. But the Sorcerers Stone (or Philosophers Stone) is a well done beginning for this franchise. The character development in this franchise is absolutely fantastic. You get instantly attached to the main and side characters instantly. All the actors did a great job and gave funny and fun performances. The overall feel of this movie is so magical and has such a fun feel. I have never seen a movie World get you so attached more quickly then Harry Potter. Overall this film was awesome and I highly recommend it.
169	aha	3	This was such a brilliantly done film. Well Harry Potter is a brilliantly done franchise in general. But the Sorcerers Stone (or Philosophers Stone) is a well done beginning for this franchise. The character development in this franchise is absolutely fantastic. You get instantly attached to the main and side characters instantly. All the actors did a great job and gave funny and fun performances. The overall feel of this movie is so magical and has such a fun feel. I have never seen a movie World get you so attached more quickly then Harry Potter. Overall this film was awesome and I highly recommend it.
170	jlee	3	We live in a world where economics is hard. This forces practical limitations when making a movie. Time and money are sadly finite, cinema owners need to be pleased as well as fans and computer animation ain't perfect. Given these limitations, this film is about as close to human perfection as it is possible to achieve. However, it's extremely clear what an immense challenge it is to turn Philosopher's Stone from book to film.
170	aha	3	We live in a world where economics is hard. This forces practical limitations when making a movie. Time and money are sadly finite, cinema owners need to be pleased as well as fans and computer animation ain't perfect. Given these limitations, this film is about as close to human perfection as it is possible to achieve. However, it's extremely clear what an immense challenge it is to turn Philosopher's Stone from book to film.
171	jlee	3	Well, for starters, the older cast, almost all of whom are instantly recognizable if you've seen much of British television or film, are simply delightful in their roles, with special honors going to Alan Rickman as Professor Snape, Richard Harris as Albus Dumbledore, and Robbie Coltrane as Rubeus Hagrid. Some other positive aspects to the film is that it is a faithful adaptation for the most part, and the child actors certainly aren't the worst I've ever seen. Moreover, John Williams' brilliant score was at the time one of the best in years.
171	aha	3	Well, for starters, the older cast, almost all of whom are instantly recognizable if you've seen much of British television or film, are simply delightful in their roles, with special honors going to Alan Rickman as Professor Snape, Richard Harris as Albus Dumbledore, and Robbie Coltrane as Rubeus Hagrid. Some other positive aspects to the film is that it is a faithful adaptation for the most part, and the child actors certainly aren't the worst I've ever seen. Moreover, John Williams' brilliant score was at the time one of the best in years.
172	jlee	1	Well, this first installment brings us to the get go of Potter's life. I thought they would make a too big introduction until we get to the action, but fortunately the writers knew how to make a reasonable time for introduction-- and were able to not make it a boring moment of the film. Radcliffe, Emma Watson and Rupert show in the very first version of the franchise how talented they are, and I'm pretty sure production team already knew they would never disappoint-- and in fact, they never did. "Sorcerer's Stone" the whole time tries to make you believe Snape is the bad guy, giving clues he's the one trying to steal the stone-- when in fact, it's another random professor. Special effects are decent for such year it's been released, but for the high budget they had I thought it could be a little more realistic at times. Rest of the cast is good and I don't have one name to flame all around. From now on I'll be seeing the next episodes, and I hope it continues this good!
172	aha	1	Well, this first installment brings us to the get go of Potter's life. I thought they would make a too big introduction until we get to the action, but fortunately the writers knew how to make a reasonable time for introduction-- and were able to not make it a boring moment of the film. Radcliffe, Emma Watson and Rupert show in the very first version of the franchise how talented they are, and I'm pretty sure production team already knew they would never disappoint-- and in fact, they never did. "Sorcerer's Stone" the whole time tries to make you believe Snape is the bad guy, giving clues he's the one trying to steal the stone-- when in fact, it's another random professor. Special effects are decent for such year it's been released, but for the high budget they had I thought it could be a little more realistic at times. Rest of the cast is good and I don't have one name to flame all around. From now on I'll be seeing the next episodes, and I hope it continues this good!
173	jlee	3	What else can I say about the world of Harry Potter that hasn't been said already? After the first book came out, everyone was going crazy for Harry Potter. But then Potterheads minds were blown when in 2001, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone was released. The film was directed by Chris Columbus and stars Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Emma Watson, John Cleese, Robbie Coltrane, Warwick Davis, Richard Griffiths, Richard Harris, Ian Hart, John Hurt, Alan Rickman, Fiona Shaw, Maggie Smith, and Julie Walters. The film was a huge success financially and critically and luckily won fans of the books over and continued with seven more films plus three spinoff films.
173	aha	3	What else can I say about the world of Harry Potter that hasn't been said already? After the first book came out, everyone was going crazy for Harry Potter. But then Potterheads minds were blown when in 2001, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone was released. The film was directed by Chris Columbus and stars Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Emma Watson, John Cleese, Robbie Coltrane, Warwick Davis, Richard Griffiths, Richard Harris, Ian Hart, John Hurt, Alan Rickman, Fiona Shaw, Maggie Smith, and Julie Walters. The film was a huge success financially and critically and luckily won fans of the books over and continued with seven more films plus three spinoff films.
174	jlee	3	When I first saw this movie I was ten years old, the same age the characters where supposed to be. My older cousin and her boyfriend took me to the Mall to watch a movie. Back then I wasn't going very often to the cinema, due to the fact that my parents didn't have time and I wasn't old enough to go alone to any theater. The movie captivated my attention like nothing before and I became so interested in anything that had to do with this movie, and I heard that it was made after a book. I didn't had Internet back then, but I found the first book at a library and convinced my mother to buy it. That's how I became obsessed with reading and writing.
174	aha	3	When I first saw this movie I was ten years old, the same age the characters where supposed to be. My older cousin and her boyfriend took me to the Mall to watch a movie. Back then I wasn't going very often to the cinema, due to the fact that my parents didn't have time and I wasn't old enough to go alone to any theater. The movie captivated my attention like nothing before and I became so interested in anything that had to do with this movie, and I heard that it was made after a book. I didn't had Internet back then, but I found the first book at a library and convinced my mother to buy it. That's how I became obsessed with reading and writing.
175	jlee	3	When I knew the film was being made, I thought how could they make a film that would be up to the standard of such a perfect book. But they did! Sure they missed bits out but they captured the essence of the book brilliantly. One member of the cast was mis-cast for me but my children disagreed.I even found myself believing they were flying and not wondering "how are they doing that?" So 10 out 10 Warner Brothers. Bring on the next one!
175	aha	3	When I knew the film was being made, I thought how could they make a film that would be up to the standard of such a perfect book. But they did! Sure they missed bits out but they captured the essence of the book brilliantly. One member of the cast was mis-cast for me but my children disagreed.I even found myself believing they were flying and not wondering "how are they doing that?" So 10 out 10 Warner Brothers. Bring on the next one!
176	jlee	3	When I watched this movie at the first time I wasn't really aware what is it about. I was only ten years old, at the age when everyone believes that magic is real, that his or her own fantasies and most wild dreams can finally come true. As I remember this film was one of the first films arranged for children around 7-12 years old, so it was like present for me. Set in early nineties, this story takes place in London. The plot revolved around Harry Potter, whose parents where murdered by one of the greatest dark wizards of all time Lord Voldemord. Despite the fact that he was with his mother when she died, he survived, the fact that made him famous in wizarding world. He used to live with his cruel relatives, Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia, but now he is about to leave their house to learn magic in Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Daniel Radcliffe, actor who played titular protagonist, despite the fact that he was only twelve when first of Harry Potter movies released, could perfectly show all emotions little Harry felt all over this story. As movie about magic, it is exciting and breathtaking, with perfect decorations and interesting plot twists. It has bewitching magical effects, that makes you believe in reality of what is happening. A bonus is perfectly matched themes, like well-known "Hedwig Theme". The adventures of little boy and his friends will grab you out and never leave you until movie ends. This is one of the best films about magic in many years. Not one generation grown watching this movie. I hardly advice you to watch it and plunge in atmosphere of Witchcraft and Wizardry.
176	aha	1	When I watched this movie at the first time I wasn't really aware what is it about. I was only ten years old, at the age when everyone believes that magic is real, that his or her own fantasies and most wild dreams can finally come true. As I remember this film was one of the first films arranged for children around 7-12 years old, so it was like present for me. Set in early nineties, this story takes place in London. The plot revolved around Harry Potter, whose parents where murdered by one of the greatest dark wizards of all time Lord Voldemord. Despite the fact that he was with his mother when she died, he survived, the fact that made him famous in wizarding world. He used to live with his cruel relatives, Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia, but now he is about to leave their house to learn magic in Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Daniel Radcliffe, actor who played titular protagonist, despite the fact that he was only twelve when first of Harry Potter movies released, could perfectly show all emotions little Harry felt all over this story. As movie about magic, it is exciting and breathtaking, with perfect decorations and interesting plot twists. It has bewitching magical effects, that makes you believe in reality of what is happening. A bonus is perfectly matched themes, like well-known "Hedwig Theme". The adventures of little boy and his friends will grab you out and never leave you until movie ends. This is one of the best films about magic in many years. Not one generation grown watching this movie. I hardly advice you to watch it and plunge in atmosphere of Witchcraft and Wizardry.
177	jlee	2	While the series improves as it progress, I found the first two instalments of the Harry Potter franchise quite unenjoyable. Rowling relies heavily on plot band-aids to cover up her mediocre writing and I really cannot think of a more overrated author. I don't even know where to begin regarding the logistical errors of Rowling's work in this particular story. The nonsensical Quidditch scoring system, the abusive Dursleys, Harry's entirely inherited magical abilities, the ridiculous house points scoring system (the ending is just a joke, if I was in Slytherin I would have rioted). These are all bad enough, but it's the overall lack of a cohesive plot that really makes this story so weak. There is no real reason why anything happens, it's merely just a string of random events designed to make the main characters look heroic while the adults gush over them from afar.
177	aha	1	While the series improves as it progress, I found the first two instalments of the Harry Potter franchise quite unenjoyable. Rowling relies heavily on plot band-aids to cover up her mediocre writing and I really cannot think of a more overrated author. I don't even know where to begin regarding the logistical errors of Rowling's work in this particular story. The nonsensical Quidditch scoring system, the abusive Dursleys, Harry's entirely inherited magical abilities, the ridiculous house points scoring system (the ending is just a joke, if I was in Slytherin I would have rioted). These are all bad enough, but it's the overall lack of a cohesive plot that really makes this story so weak. There is no real reason why anything happens, it's merely just a string of random events designed to make the main characters look heroic while the adults gush over them from afar.
178	jlee	3	Why all the glowing comments?  This is one lame movie.  Haven't we seen these types of special effects enough already?  The acting was lame.  The story was lame.  The pace was slow.  The scenes overly long and trite.  I was bored out of my mind.
178	aha	3	Why all the glowing comments?  This is one lame movie.  Haven't we seen these types of special effects enough already?  The acting was lame.  The story was lame.  The pace was slow.  The scenes overly long and trite.  I was bored out of my mind.
179	jlee	3	With billions upon billions of pounds in revenue generated from book sales, film adaptations and all other mediums, and with the hysteria surrounding the series now all but gone, it seemed the perfect time to re-visit the Harry Potter film franchise. I'll state outright that I'm a fan of the books: they are hardly ground-breaking pieces of literature, but they are a meticulously crafted and widely imaginative set of novels, maturing with it's progression and with the age of it's characters and readers. The movie adaptations were consistently average, fiercely loyal to J.K. Rowling's prose but always somewhat lacking in substance.
179	aha	3	With billions upon billions of pounds in revenue generated from book sales, film adaptations and all other mediums, and with the hysteria surrounding the series now all but gone, it seemed the perfect time to re-visit the Harry Potter film franchise. I'll state outright that I'm a fan of the books: they are hardly ground-breaking pieces of literature, but they are a meticulously crafted and widely imaginative set of novels, maturing with it's progression and with the age of it's characters and readers. The movie adaptations were consistently average, fiercely loyal to J.K. Rowling's prose but always somewhat lacking in substance.
180	jlee	3	With the sixth book now out (and one more to go), I feel that I should review "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone". By now, the Harry Potter books have become so well entrenched in our culture that I don't even need to explain the story. But I can say that director Chris Columbus did a great job adapting the book to the silver screen.
180	aha	3	With the sixth book now out (and one more to go), I feel that I should review "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone". By now, the Harry Potter books have become so well entrenched in our culture that I don't even need to explain the story. But I can say that director Chris Columbus did a great job adapting the book to the silver screen.
181	jlee	3	... which is that there was no overarching story to this trilogy planned.
181	aha	3	... which is that there was no overarching story to this trilogy planned.
182	jlee	3	'Nice to look at' is the most suitable answer here... I did not expect much from this film and therefore did not get disappointed. Star Wars is (for me) still a fairy tale set in the universe... with the 'good' fighting the 'evil'. And sure, this film got that 'right'... even with the happily ever after part.
182	aha	3	'Nice to look at' is the most suitable answer here... I did not expect much from this film and therefore did not get disappointed. Star Wars is (for me) still a fairy tale set in the universe... with the 'good' fighting the 'evil'. And sure, this film got that 'right'... even with the happily ever after part.
183	jlee	3	"The Rise of Skywalker" was a film many had mixed feelings about. Some hoped it would fix undesirable elements of the previous film. Others felt it could continue a daring and unexpected route for the franchise. Regardless of where you stand, it's hard to argue that Rise of Skywalker succeeded in no task that made many happy.
183	aha	3	"The Rise of Skywalker" was a film many had mixed feelings about. Some hoped it would fix undesirable elements of the previous film. Others felt it could continue a daring and unexpected route for the franchise. Regardless of where you stand, it's hard to argue that Rise of Skywalker succeeded in no task that made many happy.
184	jlee	3	(QUICK EXTRA NOTE: In fairness to critics who think hating the new Star Wars movies makes you a sexist Russian bot and, given their stance on Episode IX, can no longer use that defense mechanism, haters can't claim y'all are being paid to shill Disney anymore either.)
184	aha	3	(QUICK EXTRA NOTE: In fairness to critics who think hating the new Star Wars movies makes you a sexist Russian bot and, given their stance on Episode IX, can no longer use that defense mechanism, haters can't claim y'all are being paid to shill Disney anymore either.)
185	jlee	3	A hot mess of a movie, with terrible writing, dim acting and clunky direction.
185	aha	3	A hot mess of a movie, with terrible writing, dim acting and clunky direction.
186	jlee	3	A New Hope had a great story line and didn't have CGI.
186	aha	3	A New Hope had a great story line and didn't have CGI.
187	jlee	3	A tragic culmination of the flaws of the previous 2 films. Whether due to his own lack of imagination, studio meddling, or the previous abomination that Rian Johnson directed, JJ Abrams has wholly and utterly failed to deliver a satisfying end to this abysmal trilogy.
187	aha	3	A tragic culmination of the flaws of the previous 2 films. Whether due to his own lack of imagination, studio meddling, or the previous abomination that Rian Johnson directed, JJ Abrams has wholly and utterly failed to deliver a satisfying end to this abysmal trilogy.
188	jlee	3	As the dotard has honesty and candour.
188	aha	3	As the dotard has honesty and candour.
189	jlee	3	But I couldn't. It's a disgrace to the Star Wars universe. Jar jar abrams. I don't know where to start but so many have voiced their disgust for the Disney cretins who destroyed this franchise I'm not sure what can be added. Disney needs to wholesale fire everyone at Lucas and start over. Nothing original or even entertaining about it. Jar jar abrams is way overrated. Hollywood is over.
189	aha	3	But I couldn't. It's a disgrace to the Star Wars universe. Jar jar abrams. I don't know where to start but so many have voiced their disgust for the Disney cretins who destroyed this franchise I'm not sure what can be added. Disney needs to wholesale fire everyone at Lucas and start over. Nothing original or even entertaining about it. Jar jar abrams is way overrated. Hollywood is over.
190	jlee	1	Despite the Last Jedi's misdeeds, I still had some faith and potential ideas for this film's hopes, but as one would expect Disney canned those because they just don't care. Rey is a stale protagonist that nobody cares about, and honestly is so op and emotional that she'd be better off as a sith rather than a jedi. That was my hope, that Rey would turn to the dark side while Kylo would return to the light. That possibly could've saved this film for me, but no, it wasn't meant to be.
190	aha	1	Despite the Last Jedi's misdeeds, I still had some faith and potential ideas for this film's hopes, but as one would expect Disney canned those because they just don't care. Rey is a stale protagonist that nobody cares about, and honestly is so op and emotional that she'd be better off as a sith rather than a jedi. That was my hope, that Rey would turn to the dark side while Kylo would return to the light. That possibly could've saved this film for me, but no, it wasn't meant to be.
191	jlee	3	Disrespectful to Lucas and the whole world. This movie along with the last 3 must be de-canonized.
191	aha	3	Disrespectful to Lucas and the whole world. This movie along with the last 3 must be de-canonized.
192	jlee	2	Early on in this movie there is a scene where Poe is 'lightspeed-skipping' to escape the First Order. This pretty much sums up the final movie in the Star Wars trilogy.
192	aha	2	Early on in this movie there is a scene where Poe is 'lightspeed-skipping' to escape the First Order. This pretty much sums up the final movie in the Star Wars trilogy.
193	jlee	3	Embarrassing If there was a lower rating than 1, this film would deserve it. Was this written by a remedial Sunday school class? The rise (hahahaahaaaaa) is a selfish, stupid, and harmful film. If this movie was satire and called "Bulls**t", I would still give it a ZREO for even giving screen time to this nonsense. Geez... really, humans.
193	aha	3	Embarrassing If there was a lower rating than 1, this film would deserve it. Was this written by a remedial Sunday school class? The rise (hahahaahaaaaa) is a selfish, stupid, and harmful film. If this movie was satire and called "Bulls**t", I would still give it a ZREO for even giving screen time to this nonsense. Geez... really, humans.
194	jlee	3	Episode VIII The Last Jedi was bad. It made little sense. Was a strange rehash of episodes V and VI. It had an agenda that essentially was wrong for Star Wars. You thought that Star Wars can't get worse.
194	aha	3	Episode VIII The Last Jedi was bad. It made little sense. Was a strange rehash of episodes V and VI. It had an agenda that essentially was wrong for Star Wars. You thought that Star Wars can't get worse.
195	jlee	3	For me, easily the worst of the three latter-day Star Wars films, and almost as bad as Solo.
195	aha	3	For me, easily the worst of the three latter-day Star Wars films, and almost as bad as Solo.
196	jlee	3	Good, it was fun while it lasted Disney, finely crafted, pricey joke, now where is the real bunch of sequels?.. oh..
196	aha	3	Good, it was fun while it lasted Disney, finely crafted, pricey joke, now where is the real bunch of sequels?.. oh..
197	jlee	3	Having witnessed TROS a week ago and realising that it required a moment to process, I went about re-watching its predecessors. I had never really registered the prequels as anything more than schlocky fun, but putting myself into the shoes of ardent fans waiting with baited breath at the turn of the century, TPM becomes more than just a disappointment. The political discourse aims for complexity but its conflicts are resolved with laser swords, the dialogue's delivery gives a fresh meaning to the word monotone, the ethnic stereotypes are at best irritating, and the visual effects are downright ugly. While the podracing sequence has aged relatively well, it's symptomatic of another issue - whoever thought it was a good idea to devote an entire third of Vader's origin story to his dopey pre-teen self? No matter his midichlorian count, the plot itself is inconsequential; the galaxy lies in precarious balance between the light side and the dark, but here he is playing with action figures.
197	aha	2	Having witnessed TROS a week ago and realising that it required a moment to process, I went about re-watching its predecessors. I had never really registered the prequels as anything more than schlocky fun, but putting myself into the shoes of ardent fans waiting with baited breath at the turn of the century, TPM becomes more than just a disappointment. The political discourse aims for complexity but its conflicts are resolved with laser swords, the dialogue's delivery gives a fresh meaning to the word monotone, the ethnic stereotypes are at best irritating, and the visual effects are downright ugly. While the podracing sequence has aged relatively well, it's symptomatic of another issue - whoever thought it was a good idea to devote an entire third of Vader's origin story to his dopey pre-teen self? No matter his midichlorian count, the plot itself is inconsequential; the galaxy lies in precarious balance between the light side and the dark, but here he is playing with action figures.
198	jlee	2	Honestly, I really have no idea what the title actually has to do with this particular movie, especially since we know that Luke passed on at the end of the previous film. Still, I guess there is this burning question in our heads as to who Rey happens to be and where she comes from. Well, considering that this is the last film in the sequel trilogy you can be guaranteed that we find out.
198	aha	3	Honestly, I really have no idea what the title actually has to do with this particular movie, especially since we know that Luke passed on at the end of the previous film. Still, I guess there is this burning question in our heads as to who Rey happens to be and where she comes from. Well, considering that this is the last film in the sequel trilogy you can be guaranteed that we find out.
199	jlee	3	I couldn't have imagined a worse effort and follow up to TLJ in my wildest nightmares. The Rise of Skywalker is a truly horrific Frankensteinian mess of a movie.
199	aha	3	I couldn't have imagined a worse effort and follow up to TLJ in my wildest nightmares. The Rise of Skywalker is a truly horrific Frankensteinian mess of a movie.
200	jlee	3	I don't detest this film, but I almost wish I did. Walking out of a Star Wars screening feeling nothing is soul sucking. At least the prequels made me angry about several things, but now I can't even bother to passionately discuss its flaws with others. It's my honest opinion that there was a lack of vision and overarching story, and this third installment felt rushed and disjointed. It's like Disney/JJ Abrams realised this is not a TV show, and had to cram 3 films into 1.
200	aha	3	I don't detest this film, but I almost wish I did. Walking out of a Star Wars screening feeling nothing is soul sucking. At least the prequels made me angry about several things, but now I can't even bother to passionately discuss its flaws with others. It's my honest opinion that there was a lack of vision and overarching story, and this third installment felt rushed and disjointed. It's like Disney/JJ Abrams realised this is not a TV show, and had to cram 3 films into 1.
201	jlee	3	I don't get the score this film has in this site. It is one of the worst films ever made. And if we think this is supposed to be Star Wars, it's even worse. The prequels are jewels compared to this. Makes you miss JarJar and the Gungans, who actually seemed like creatures from this universe.
201	aha	2	I don't get the score this film has in this site. It is one of the worst films ever made. And if we think this is supposed to be Star Wars, it's even worse. The prequels are jewels compared to this. Makes you miss JarJar and the Gungans, who actually seemed like creatures from this universe.
202	jlee	3	I had a thought watching this, "How did Disney allow this clusterfk to happen?" But then it all made sense (or cents). It's the Disney approach to commodifying our childhood stories and fantasies and turning it into a production line, churning out identical, packaged goods all in one colour. (In other words, the same crap over and over again).
202	aha	3	I had a thought watching this, "How did Disney allow this clusterfk to happen?" But then it all made sense (or cents). It's the Disney approach to commodifying our childhood stories and fantasies and turning it into a production line, churning out identical, packaged goods all in one colour. (In other words, the same crap over and over again).
203	jlee	3	I was going to see this movie. In spite of my severe disappointment with episode VIII I was going to see episode IX. I have 40 years invested in this franchise so I had to finish.
203	aha	3	I was going to see this movie. In spite of my severe disappointment with episode VIII I was going to see episode IX. I have 40 years invested in this franchise so I had to finish.
204	jlee	3	I'll try to answer with no spoilers, but this movie feels like u made a cake that's too bitter so now ur trying to fix it by adding sugar to it but not it's too wierd sweet so u add some ginger to change the taste a bit but not it taste awful so u try to put some cream cheese on top to make people forget about it all but now its ugly so you try to put some chocolate on top of everything.
204	aha	3	I'll try to answer with no spoilers, but this movie feels like u made a cake that's too bitter so now ur trying to fix it by adding sugar to it but not it's too wierd sweet so u add some ginger to change the taste a bit but not it taste awful so u try to put some cream cheese on top to make people forget about it all but now its ugly so you try to put some chocolate on top of everything.
205	jlee	3	I'm sick and tried of bad reviews for what isn't a bad movie given by people who only highlight the bad points. It feels like people believe they're entitled to a movie with a story told exactly how they want it and so refuse to enjoy it. The 1 star reviews are not from true Star Wars fans in my opinion.
205	aha	3	I'm sick and tried of bad reviews for what isn't a bad movie given by people who only highlight the bad points. It feels like people believe they're entitled to a movie with a story told exactly how they want it and so refuse to enjoy it. The 1 star reviews are not from true Star Wars fans in my opinion.
206	jlee	3	I've been disappointed with Disney and the newest Star Wars trilogy and this was no different. It's like we're going round in circles and copying the same stuff which should have just been left at the return of the Jedi.
206	aha	3	I've been disappointed with Disney and the newest Star Wars trilogy and this was no different. It's like we're going round in circles and copying the same stuff which should have just been left at the return of the Jedi.
207	jlee	3	I've been reading some of the reviews of this film on idmb. I was pretty taken aback by how many negative reviews there are I mean a LOT if bad reviews a lot of 2 and 3 out of 10! Really? You people thought it was that bad? Well I liked it it's definitely the best of the trilogy. While I agree this trilogy has been pretty disappointing, I believe this film stands out. It was a really inventive storyline and the performance of the actors was emotionally charged. Good Acton scenes as well. As far as these really bad reviews, you people seriously need to lighten up you define the phrase "tough crowd"
207	aha	3	I've been reading some of the reviews of this film on idmb. I was pretty taken aback by how many negative reviews there are I mean a LOT if bad reviews a lot of 2 and 3 out of 10! Really? You people thought it was that bad? Well I liked it it's definitely the best of the trilogy. While I agree this trilogy has been pretty disappointing, I believe this film stands out. It was a really inventive storyline and the performance of the actors was emotionally charged. Good Acton scenes as well. As far as these really bad reviews, you people seriously need to lighten up you define the phrase "tough crowd"
208	jlee	3	I've never come close to leaving a Star Wars film in the cinema before, but today I found myself, thirty minutes in, shaking my head, facepalming over and over at this film. To some extent this is a film of two halves. A bad half and a terrible half. The first half is, without doubt, the worst half of any Star Wars film ever made. The pacing is horrendous. It's all happening too fast, the scenes, the dialogue, the action. It's too much. None of it makes any sense. Everything just seems to happen to enable the characters to go on an aimless adventure from planet to planet before the finale. It's absolutely atrocious and aimless.
208	aha	3	I've never come close to leaving a Star Wars film in the cinema before, but today I found myself, thirty minutes in, shaking my head, facepalming over and over at this film. To some extent this is a film of two halves. A bad half and a terrible half. The first half is, without doubt, the worst half of any Star Wars film ever made. The pacing is horrendous. It's all happening too fast, the scenes, the dialogue, the action. It's too much. None of it makes any sense. Everything just seems to happen to enable the characters to go on an aimless adventure from planet to planet before the finale. It's absolutely atrocious and aimless.
209	jlee	3	If you are a biased Star Wars fan this poor excuse for a film will enthrall you. If you are an unbiased movie goer, you will likely dislike this film. Even if you are bored out of your mind and watch this film just to kill time, you will still not like it if you are not a biased viewer..
209	aha	3	If you are a biased Star Wars fan this poor excuse for a film will enthrall you. If you are an unbiased movie goer, you will likely dislike this film. Even if you are bored out of your mind and watch this film just to kill time, you will still not like it if you are not a biased viewer..
210	jlee	3	If you were to take a step back and think about all the different plot sequences (short events), they look good on the surface: fast-paced action, good dialog, humor, characters from previous movies, lots of cool worlds and great F/X.
210	aha	3	If you were to take a step back and think about all the different plot sequences (short events), they look good on the surface: fast-paced action, good dialog, humor, characters from previous movies, lots of cool worlds and great F/X.
211	jlee	3	If you're a Star Wars fan, the best way to enjoy this film is to read all the negative reviews, watch all the YouTube videos, read all the leaks( they are mostly true) and head to the cinema a little drunk, with expectations lower than underground pipes.
211	aha	3	If you're a Star Wars fan, the best way to enjoy this film is to read all the negative reviews, watch all the YouTube videos, read all the leaks( they are mostly true) and head to the cinema a little drunk, with expectations lower than underground pipes.
212	jlee	3	In a galaxy far, far away ... so begins a couple of hours of a really poor portrayal of middle school level science or actually a good portrayal of failing m. s. science. For however far into the future we humans, if we're still here, will be exploring it might be to nearby stars w/robotics let alone the 100 billion of stars in our galaxy & further let alone some other galaxy. And, we won't be dressed, talking, behaving like early 20th century Americans. This film has the same predictable special effects CGI we've been seeing for decades. Same old Earth life comically modified into alien life. Dialogue really dumbed down and made even more incongruous given the technical level of each character.
212	aha	2	In a galaxy far, far away ... so begins a couple of hours of a really poor portrayal of middle school level science or actually a good portrayal of failing m. s. science. For however far into the future we humans, if we're still here, will be exploring it might be to nearby stars w/robotics let alone the 100 billion of stars in our galaxy & further let alone some other galaxy. And, we won't be dressed, talking, behaving like early 20th century Americans. This film has the same predictable special effects CGI we've been seeing for decades. Same old Earth life comically modified into alien life. Dialogue really dumbed down and made even more incongruous given the technical level of each character.
213	jlee	3	In this film:
213	aha	3	In this film:
214	jlee	3	It was one of the worst films I had seen in years.
214	aha	3	It was one of the worst films I had seen in years.
215	jlee	1	It's clear now that this film franchise was doom from the start when Disney buy out Lucasfilm. Nobody had a clue how to further tell the story. So, director JJ Abrams and producer Kathleen Kennedy closely just rehash the same formulaic tropes of the original trilogy again with a few lazy reconstructing twists. They didn't even bother using with any of the establishing lore from books that could had made the films seen somewhat unique and new. Look, as much as people hate the prequels. At least, they gave us somewhat of a beginning tale that somewhat fit into the continuous story of the originals. As for these sequel series, they really do hurt most of the canon lore. This movie being the worst. It ruined the whole Skywalker redemption arch by having Darth Sidious (Ian McDiarmid) return with yet again with the over clichés easy to pick off out of nowhere planet killing ships rather than going all in with more complex well-acted Kylo Ren (Adam Driver). It also gave the whole Chosen One prophecy to somebody else. Perhaps the biggest let down in the movie was finding out that semi alright Rey (Daisy Ridley) does indeed have a grand gifted lineage rather than the idea that great power within the Force can manifest in anyone. Don't get me wrong, having Rey be related to the real villain is not a bad idea. It just shouldn't be biological parental because it's a bit off putting that somebody pork her grandfather. Instead she should be one of the many female Sith cultist clones that was model after Sidious including trailer fodder Darth Rey. Emperor Palpatine that died previous should be the male clone also separate from Sidious. It would better explain why the ancient dark lord look like in bad shape as he made copies upon copies of himself over time and why he can heal himself back once a clone like Rey dies. As for the old Supreme Leader. I would love to think that the reason why he looks rough was because he was one of the very few copies of the demise Darth Plagueis. It can explain why Sidious was able to gain control of him so easily. All this would make more sense than what the film gave us. Another thing that was disappointing is having Ren work with Sidious and Rey trying to burn the lightsaber. It dropped the ball with Rey's beliefs of preserving the past to gain knowledge and strength was counterpart to Kylo's wants to destroy it as he felt that it binds people to weakness and ignorance. The film also ignored their dyadic idealistic understanding that future peace can only be made with the meager of the cookie cutter light and the dark side of the force into the grey area way. It sucks. Also having Rey fall in love with the man that killed all her mentors is an unhealthy forced romantic relationship. Such a turn off more than the last movie. That was one thing that should had been retcon! At least Abrams keep the good thing about their communicate. The idea that they can move items through their mental and physical force powers despite not being in the same location was cool to witness even if it never established or used in the original or prequel series. Yet the used age of the new half-baked force healing was not well done. It makes demise seem like a game of hot potato. Likewise, if the force can straight up heal people and even bring them back from near death. Why would Jedis forbid the practice? It sounds like they could had saved the universe all this problem if they taught a certain Skywalker how to do it many moons ago. To add onto that the idea that most of the dead Jedis would be alright in helping Rey rather than any of the previous heroes like Luke (Mark Hamill) is such a cop out. She is more prone to use her anger and fear. Also, the idea that Sidious is able to use all the powers of all the Sith to knock out all the whole fleet through force lightning is over the top silly more than the Holdo maneuver, not only because every dark lord in the past has betrayed each other but as well their long history belief to limited their numbers to a very few. It makes no sense. Along with that, the whole 16 hours ancient Sith dagger wayfinder fetch quest really felt like wasted nonsense filler. The idea that the blade edge lines up perfectly with still surprising mostly intact wreckage of the Death Star was outrageous dumb luck seeing how the explosion burn it up nor the tough waters eroded the metal over time. The story pacing is kinda hard to believe like Rey fixing Luke's old ship in a few hours after years being underwater. It kinda like how they never explain how Maz Kanata voiced by Lupita Nyong'o got a hold with Luke's old lightsaber or what Finn (John Boyega) had to say to Rey. It's really bad editing. While the performers are great, their characters are wasted along with less annoying Rose (Kelly Marie Tran) and Poe Dameron (Oscar Isaac). Also, the death of Carrie Fisher in late 2016 caused major problems in production as well. The repurpose unused footage of Leia was kinda jarring. The visual/special effects from ILM were still impressive along with the sets & costume but some of the action scenes does cause dangerous photosensitive epilepsy. Not good. At least the film score by John Williams was still amazing. Overall: This movie is a mess from start to the cheesy name changing finish. I can't act like the previous two were perfect, but this seems especially maclunkey. I didn't like it. At least 'the Mandalorian' TV show is giving new hope for Star Wars because this movie certainly tries to kill it.
215	aha	1	It's clear now that this film franchise was doom from the start when Disney buy out Lucasfilm. Nobody had a clue how to further tell the story. So, director JJ Abrams and producer Kathleen Kennedy closely just rehash the same formulaic tropes of the original trilogy again with a few lazy reconstructing twists. They didn't even bother using with any of the establishing lore from books that could had made the films seen somewhat unique and new. Look, as much as people hate the prequels. At least, they gave us somewhat of a beginning tale that somewhat fit into the continuous story of the originals. As for these sequel series, they really do hurt most of the canon lore. This movie being the worst. It ruined the whole Skywalker redemption arch by having Darth Sidious (Ian McDiarmid) return with yet again with the over clichés easy to pick off out of nowhere planet killing ships rather than going all in with more complex well-acted Kylo Ren (Adam Driver). It also gave the whole Chosen One prophecy to somebody else. Perhaps the biggest let down in the movie was finding out that semi alright Rey (Daisy Ridley) does indeed have a grand gifted lineage rather than the idea that great power within the Force can manifest in anyone. Don't get me wrong, having Rey be related to the real villain is not a bad idea. It just shouldn't be biological parental because it's a bit off putting that somebody pork her grandfather. Instead she should be one of the many female Sith cultist clones that was model after Sidious including trailer fodder Darth Rey. Emperor Palpatine that died previous should be the male clone also separate from Sidious. It would better explain why the ancient dark lord look like in bad shape as he made copies upon copies of himself over time and why he can heal himself back once a clone like Rey dies. As for the old Supreme Leader. I would love to think that the reason why he looks rough was because he was one of the very few copies of the demise Darth Plagueis. It can explain why Sidious was able to gain control of him so easily. All this would make more sense than what the film gave us. Another thing that was disappointing is having Ren work with Sidious and Rey trying to burn the lightsaber. It dropped the ball with Rey's beliefs of preserving the past to gain knowledge and strength was counterpart to Kylo's wants to destroy it as he felt that it binds people to weakness and ignorance. The film also ignored their dyadic idealistic understanding that future peace can only be made with the meager of the cookie cutter light and the dark side of the force into the grey area way. It sucks. Also having Rey fall in love with the man that killed all her mentors is an unhealthy forced romantic relationship. Such a turn off more than the last movie. That was one thing that should had been retcon! At least Abrams keep the good thing about their communicate. The idea that they can move items through their mental and physical force powers despite not being in the same location was cool to witness even if it never established or used in the original or prequel series. Yet the used age of the new half-baked force healing was not well done. It makes demise seem like a game of hot potato. Likewise, if the force can straight up heal people and even bring them back from near death. Why would Jedis forbid the practice? It sounds like they could had saved the universe all this problem if they taught a certain Skywalker how to do it many moons ago. To add onto that the idea that most of the dead Jedis would be alright in helping Rey rather than any of the previous heroes like Luke (Mark Hamill) is such a cop out. She is more prone to use her anger and fear. Also, the idea that Sidious is able to use all the powers of all the Sith to knock out all the whole fleet through force lightning is over the top silly more than the Holdo maneuver, not only because every dark lord in the past has betrayed each other but as well their long history belief to limited their numbers to a very few. It makes no sense. Along with that, the whole 16 hours ancient Sith dagger wayfinder fetch quest really felt like wasted nonsense filler. The idea that the blade edge lines up perfectly with still surprising mostly intact wreckage of the Death Star was outrageous dumb luck seeing how the explosion burn it up nor the tough waters eroded the metal over time. The story pacing is kinda hard to believe like Rey fixing Luke's old ship in a few hours after years being underwater. It kinda like how they never explain how Maz Kanata voiced by Lupita Nyong'o got a hold with Luke's old lightsaber or what Finn (John Boyega) had to say to Rey. It's really bad editing. While the performers are great, their characters are wasted along with less annoying Rose (Kelly Marie Tran) and Poe Dameron (Oscar Isaac). Also, the death of Carrie Fisher in late 2016 caused major problems in production as well. The repurpose unused footage of Leia was kinda jarring. The visual/special effects from ILM were still impressive along with the sets & costume but some of the action scenes does cause dangerous photosensitive epilepsy. Not good. At least the film score by John Williams was still amazing. Overall: This movie is a mess from start to the cheesy name changing finish. I can't act like the previous two were perfect, but this seems especially maclunkey. I didn't like it. At least 'the Mandalorian' TV show is giving new hope for Star Wars because this movie certainly tries to kill it.
216	jlee	3	J.J. walked into a mess and all he could do is attempt to deliver an entertaining film. I can tell he tried to please everyone with a lot of fan service, and it can be somewhat pleasing. Although, there are A LOT of missed opportunities yet again. A bit unfulfilling as well (ahem Emperor Palpatine - it was so weird). Some really cool moments and some good scenes but overall it's like ten movies in one go and will be hard to follow if you're not immersed into the Star Wars universe.
216	aha	1	J.J. walked into a mess and all he could do is attempt to deliver an entertaining film. I can tell he tried to please everyone with a lot of fan service, and it can be somewhat pleasing. Although, there are A LOT of missed opportunities yet again. A bit unfulfilling as well (ahem Emperor Palpatine - it was so weird). Some really cool moments and some good scenes but overall it's like ten movies in one go and will be hard to follow if you're not immersed into the Star Wars universe.
217	jlee	3	Letting JJ whatever his name is and Rian Johnson write the sequel trilogy is a complete disservice to fans these 3 movies are the worst in Star Wars history. Thank god for The Mandalorian, Rogue One, Star Wars: The Clone Wars and Solo wasn't bad.
217	aha	3	Letting JJ whatever his name is and Rian Johnson write the sequel trilogy is a complete disservice to fans these 3 movies are the worst in Star Wars history. Thank god for The Mandalorian, Rogue One, Star Wars: The Clone Wars and Solo wasn't bad.
218	jlee	3	News that is. Very good news. It is the last one. We don't have to see this cast and crew again (until sequel time in 2021).
218	aha	3	News that is. Very good news. It is the last one. We don't have to see this cast and crew again (until sequel time in 2021).
219	jlee	3	Nothing, plain nothing, no original plot, just repetitions of previous plot parts, same shootings, same remarks, same rememberings, same too loud music that's supposed to cover the lack of anything else, fights and more fights with no results, everything is same, nothing new, not one moment of originality in more than 2 hours. Hopefully this tiring saga is over now, and please give J.J A. some rest, few years to recover some originality - if he has any left. The reason i gave it 3 stars and not the minimum is the sea scene, stolen from interstellar, but still nice
219	aha	2	Nothing, plain nothing, no original plot, just repetitions of previous plot parts, same shootings, same remarks, same rememberings, same too loud music that's supposed to cover the lack of anything else, fights and more fights with no results, everything is same, nothing new, not one moment of originality in more than 2 hours. Hopefully this tiring saga is over now, and please give J.J A. some rest, few years to recover some originality - if he has any left. The reason i gave it 3 stars and not the minimum is the sea scene, stolen from interstellar, but still nice
220	jlee	1	Now, I actually don't have a lot of issues with this film. Only 3 issues really stand out to me, but they are 3 very major issues. The first is the pacing. Were the prequels or The Last Jedi too slow for you? Well, this movie moves along so fast it barely gives you any time to breathe! For some who just want to go on a fun ride, this might be a good thing. For me though, slowing down and letting the characters just talk to each other is really important. This movie barely does that. There is always something going on or a plot twist being dropped. It went so fast, I didn't even have time to comprehend a lot of it! This movie feels very rushed. It does slow down a little later on, but it's still a major issue with a good chunk of the film. There are also WAY too many new characters introduced! You have a large enough cast as it is, just work with what you already have! My second issue is Palpatine. It's no spoiler that Emperor Palpatine returns in this movie. His voice can be heard in every trailer and he's on the teaser poster. You're supposed to know this going in. Palpatine's return is handled horribly. He's supposed to be the main villain even though he's been completely absent from the last two movies. It's completely anti-climactic. None of the characters know who he is or have any real connection with him. We're supposed to accept that he's somehow still alive even though we saw him die! He fell down a pit and EXPLODED!!! It's not like bringing back Maul or Boba Fett. They literally tell you he came back to life in the opening crawl and then go on to hand-wave it away with a prequel meme. That's it. I'm not kidding. It's embarrassing how poorly-written he is. They never explain where he's been all this time, what he's been up to, why he's been doing it, how he's been doing it, why he's waited so long, or how he was resurrected. Did someone fish his body out of the Death Star? Is he some kind of clone, like in the old Dark Empire comics? Is he a ghost? I have no idea, and I bet the filmmakers don't either. It's insulting. The third issue I have with this film is the lack of continuity with the other movies, The Last Jedi especially. A lot of that movie is either ignored or undone by this movie. Rose is replaced with a giant slug monster and relegated to a background role, they bring in an Emperor figure when the last movie made a point to get rid of that and have Kylo Ren be the main villain, and let's just say that Rey isn't exactly a nobody. Could you imagine if Richard Marquand got rid of Lando and made Luke not actually Vader's son in Return of the Jedi? It's so frustrating. JJ Abrams sacrificed a flowing narrative for this trilogy for his own original vision. It's selfish and it's childish. Again, this may be a positive if you hated The Last Jedi. I really like The Last Jedi, so this really bothered me. It's clear that there was no plan for this trilogy from the beginning and the filmmakers didn't have enough communication with one another. It's not only TLJ that this movie retcons. Bringing Palpatine back really diminishes Anakin's sacrifice at the end of Return of the Jedi and kind of rewrites the entire Star Wars mythos. He was the chosen one, prophesied to destroy the Sith and bring balance to the Force. He did that by killing Palpatine in Return of the Jedi. Only he didn't, Palpatine survived. I had the same issue with the old Expanded Universe. I thought the reason they got rid of the EU was so that they could improve on the post-Jedi storyline, not repeat the same mistakes it made, only somehow worse. Who's the chosen one now? What's the point of the prophecy? What did Anakin die for? I have no idea! This movie also contradicts some of the newer books and comics. Again, I thought the point of getting rid of the EU was to create a more cohesive universe with the films and the non-film material. If the movies are still going to ignore or contradict the books and comics, why did they find it necessary to discontinue the old books and comics from coming out at all? They could have two timelines going on at the same time, I don't think it would be confusing! Anyway, I'm getting very nerdy and off-topic. From how much I'm trashing this movie, you might think that I hate it. I don't. I still had fun watching it and there was quite a bit that I enjoyed. Rey and Kylo Ren are still great, the effects are excellent as always (The integration of the Carrie Fisher footage is pretty seamless.), the action is thrilling, there's good comedy, the acting is good and there are many surprises that got me genuinely excited. I also liked how it didn't retcon the Luke storyline from TLJ, they just made it more clear for those in the audience who didn't fully understand the point of it in the last movie. This movie also explains why Hyperspace ramming isn't a common tactic in warfare in the Star Wars universe, after it was shown to be so deadly in The Last Jedi. Overall, this movie is an absolute mess and a major disappointment, but it makes for a fun time out at the movies. Just don't think too hard about how it connects with the other Star Wars movies and you'll be fine. I can see why people like it, it's just not for me.
220	aha	1	Now, I actually don't have a lot of issues with this film. Only 3 issues really stand out to me, but they are 3 very major issues. The first is the pacing. Were the prequels or The Last Jedi too slow for you? Well, this movie moves along so fast it barely gives you any time to breathe! For some who just want to go on a fun ride, this might be a good thing. For me though, slowing down and letting the characters just talk to each other is really important. This movie barely does that. There is always something going on or a plot twist being dropped. It went so fast, I didn't even have time to comprehend a lot of it! This movie feels very rushed. It does slow down a little later on, but it's still a major issue with a good chunk of the film. There are also WAY too many new characters introduced! You have a large enough cast as it is, just work with what you already have! My second issue is Palpatine. It's no spoiler that Emperor Palpatine returns in this movie. His voice can be heard in every trailer and he's on the teaser poster. You're supposed to know this going in. Palpatine's return is handled horribly. He's supposed to be the main villain even though he's been completely absent from the last two movies. It's completely anti-climactic. None of the characters know who he is or have any real connection with him. We're supposed to accept that he's somehow still alive even though we saw him die! He fell down a pit and EXPLODED!!! It's not like bringing back Maul or Boba Fett. They literally tell you he came back to life in the opening crawl and then go on to hand-wave it away with a prequel meme. That's it. I'm not kidding. It's embarrassing how poorly-written he is. They never explain where he's been all this time, what he's been up to, why he's been doing it, how he's been doing it, why he's waited so long, or how he was resurrected. Did someone fish his body out of the Death Star? Is he some kind of clone, like in the old Dark Empire comics? Is he a ghost? I have no idea, and I bet the filmmakers don't either. It's insulting. The third issue I have with this film is the lack of continuity with the other movies, The Last Jedi especially. A lot of that movie is either ignored or undone by this movie. Rose is replaced with a giant slug monster and relegated to a background role, they bring in an Emperor figure when the last movie made a point to get rid of that and have Kylo Ren be the main villain, and let's just say that Rey isn't exactly a nobody. Could you imagine if Richard Marquand got rid of Lando and made Luke not actually Vader's son in Return of the Jedi? It's so frustrating. JJ Abrams sacrificed a flowing narrative for this trilogy for his own original vision. It's selfish and it's childish. Again, this may be a positive if you hated The Last Jedi. I really like The Last Jedi, so this really bothered me. It's clear that there was no plan for this trilogy from the beginning and the filmmakers didn't have enough communication with one another. It's not only TLJ that this movie retcons. Bringing Palpatine back really diminishes Anakin's sacrifice at the end of Return of the Jedi and kind of rewrites the entire Star Wars mythos. He was the chosen one, prophesied to destroy the Sith and bring balance to the Force. He did that by killing Palpatine in Return of the Jedi. Only he didn't, Palpatine survived. I had the same issue with the old Expanded Universe. I thought the reason they got rid of the EU was so that they could improve on the post-Jedi storyline, not repeat the same mistakes it made, only somehow worse. Who's the chosen one now? What's the point of the prophecy? What did Anakin die for? I have no idea! This movie also contradicts some of the newer books and comics. Again, I thought the point of getting rid of the EU was to create a more cohesive universe with the films and the non-film material. If the movies are still going to ignore or contradict the books and comics, why did they find it necessary to discontinue the old books and comics from coming out at all? They could have two timelines going on at the same time, I don't think it would be confusing! Anyway, I'm getting very nerdy and off-topic. From how much I'm trashing this movie, you might think that I hate it. I don't. I still had fun watching it and there was quite a bit that I enjoyed. Rey and Kylo Ren are still great, the effects are excellent as always (The integration of the Carrie Fisher footage is pretty seamless.), the action is thrilling, there's good comedy, the acting is good and there are many surprises that got me genuinely excited. I also liked how it didn't retcon the Luke storyline from TLJ, they just made it more clear for those in the audience who didn't fully understand the point of it in the last movie. This movie also explains why Hyperspace ramming isn't a common tactic in warfare in the Star Wars universe, after it was shown to be so deadly in The Last Jedi. Overall, this movie is an absolute mess and a major disappointment, but it makes for a fun time out at the movies. Just don't think too hard about how it connects with the other Star Wars movies and you'll be fine. I can see why people like it, it's just not for me.
221	jlee	2	One of the first movies I remember seeing in the theater as a child was Return of the Jedi. I can still remember the loud applause of the crowd at the powerful scene where Darth Vader saves his son and throws the Emperor to his death. My dad stood up and cheered as did many others in the audience. As I got older and watched that entire trilogy (and later on, as a young adult, watching the prequels) I realized the overall theme of that franchise and the importance of that moment: A person's fall from grace because of the seduction of evil and their redemption through the light. It made the moment of Vader's/ Anakin's redemption at the end of ROTJ that much more powerful; the emperor was destroyed and Anakin fufilled his destiny as the chosen one.
221	aha	3	One of the first movies I remember seeing in the theater as a child was Return of the Jedi. I can still remember the loud applause of the crowd at the powerful scene where Darth Vader saves his son and throws the Emperor to his death. My dad stood up and cheered as did many others in the audience. As I got older and watched that entire trilogy (and later on, as a young adult, watching the prequels) I realized the overall theme of that franchise and the importance of that moment: A person's fall from grace because of the seduction of evil and their redemption through the light. It made the moment of Vader's/ Anakin's redemption at the end of ROTJ that much more powerful; the emperor was destroyed and Anakin fufilled his destiny as the chosen one.
222	jlee	3	Positives: 
222	aha	2	Positives: 
223	jlee	3	Rian Johnson didn't leave J.J. Abrams much to work with, that much is true. All the things Abrams had tried to set up in The Force Awakens, Johnson simply tossed over his shoulder like Luke with his lightsaber.
223	aha	3	Rian Johnson didn't leave J.J. Abrams much to work with, that much is true. All the things Abrams had tried to set up in The Force Awakens, Johnson simply tossed over his shoulder like Luke with his lightsaber.
224	jlee	3	So glad I didn't pay to see this. This was the dictionary definition of mediocre effort. When a Star Wars show on your streaming network kicks the pants off your blockbuster movie, there is a problem. Too much time was spent on copying the original trilogy instead of making something original. This just isn't a movie worthy of being in the theaters. I was just bored. There were no surprises.
224	aha	3	So glad I didn't pay to see this. This was the dictionary definition of mediocre effort. When a Star Wars show on your streaming network kicks the pants off your blockbuster movie, there is a problem. Too much time was spent on copying the original trilogy instead of making something original. This just isn't a movie worthy of being in the theaters. I was just bored. There were no surprises.
225	jlee	1	So... here's the summary: Palpatine is back, somehow, with a fleet of planet killing Stardestroyers, as if we weren't tired of those already. He decides to have them in the First Order so he can take over the Galaxy again.
225	aha	1	So... here's the summary: Palpatine is back, somehow, with a fleet of planet killing Stardestroyers, as if we weren't tired of those already. He decides to have them in the First Order so he can take over the Galaxy again.
226	jlee	3	Star Wars Episode 9 The Rise Of Skywalker. This one actually really good much better than The Last Jedi I Really Enjoyed The Final Battle At The End.
226	aha	3	Star Wars Episode 9 The Rise Of Skywalker. This one actually really good much better than The Last Jedi I Really Enjoyed The Final Battle At The End.
227	jlee	3	Star wars was always about the acting the story the drama and then a little bit of dance with lightsabers. But no Disney had to buy lucasfilms and ruin it all with its lethargic irritating Easter egg hunt out of nowhere!
227	aha	3	Star wars was always about the acting the story the drama and then a little bit of dance with lightsabers. But no Disney had to buy lucasfilms and ruin it all with its lethargic irritating Easter egg hunt out of nowhere!
228	jlee	3	The Disney trilogy for star wars is just sooo horribly wrong and trash in every way, I've watched them multiple times trying to convince myself to enjoy them due to enjoying the history of them so much... Which is more then likely the only reason these did good at the box office, same audience going back to rewatch it multiple times trying to convince themselves the trash is good, but no matter how hard you try, it isn't... in a day with the team I could give them something that would make fans go wild, even now, I could come up with something to fix it.. but I'll just complain as I'm not in a position to make a difference unfortunately.
228	aha	3	The Disney trilogy for star wars is just sooo horribly wrong and trash in every way, I've watched them multiple times trying to convince myself to enjoy them due to enjoying the history of them so much... Which is more then likely the only reason these did good at the box office, same audience going back to rewatch it multiple times trying to convince themselves the trash is good, but no matter how hard you try, it isn't... in a day with the team I could give them something that would make fans go wild, even now, I could come up with something to fix it.. but I'll just complain as I'm not in a position to make a difference unfortunately.
229	jlee	2	The Empire is in chaos. There is a pretender on the throne. A new rebellion is banished to the Outer Rim. The Empire is re-establishing control with yet another Order. At least, it's not another Death Star. It's Disney Plus spaceships with guns. The Mouse Empire muddles on. The new trilogy is simply not planned out. That is its major flaw above all else. This final chapter tries to take back a few story elements and wrap up the story with a bow. It is not to be dissected for plot holes or logic flaws. It rushes to push the franchise across the finish line. It works to some extend and it doesn't cause any more major troubles. Most fans would probably be satisfied with reaching the finish line and not having any more movies for awhile.
229	aha	1	The Empire is in chaos. There is a pretender on the throne. A new rebellion is banished to the Outer Rim. The Empire is re-establishing control with yet another Order. At least, it's not another Death Star. It's Disney Plus spaceships with guns. The Mouse Empire muddles on. The new trilogy is simply not planned out. That is its major flaw above all else. This final chapter tries to take back a few story elements and wrap up the story with a bow. It is not to be dissected for plot holes or logic flaws. It rushes to push the franchise across the finish line. It works to some extend and it doesn't cause any more major troubles. Most fans would probably be satisfied with reaching the finish line and not having any more movies for awhile.
230	jlee	3	The final piece in a trainwreck of a trilogy, doomed to fail by corporate greed rushing these films out with no planned story at all, and it shows. This film feels like it's missing JJ Abrams' 8th film. The villain is rushed, elements of TLJ are either swept under the rug or very quickly resolved. I'm not saying that TLJ was without flaws, because it's got pleeeenty of those. That being said, at least it had a direction. Had this film embraced that direction, I think we could've had a 6 or a 7 out of 10 rather than a 3. Everything is confused, and rushed, and the fact that the story is so awful means I can't appreciate really cool things like Adam Driver's acting, the VFX, cool new mechanics like the force co-op play between the two.
230	aha	3	The final piece in a trainwreck of a trilogy, doomed to fail by corporate greed rushing these films out with no planned story at all, and it shows. This film feels like it's missing JJ Abrams' 8th film. The villain is rushed, elements of TLJ are either swept under the rug or very quickly resolved. I'm not saying that TLJ was without flaws, because it's got pleeeenty of those. That being said, at least it had a direction. Had this film embraced that direction, I think we could've had a 6 or a 7 out of 10 rather than a 3. Everything is confused, and rushed, and the fact that the story is so awful means I can't appreciate really cool things like Adam Driver's acting, the VFX, cool new mechanics like the force co-op play between the two.
231	jlee	3	They have horses (yup horses) on the outside of a starship galloping while the star destroyer is in motion and beating the weaponry of the empire in terms of speed*!
231	aha	2	They have horses (yup horses) on the outside of a starship galloping while the star destroyer is in motion and beating the weaponry of the empire in terms of speed*!
232	jlee	3	They ruined it, don't watch it. This trilogy is nothing but a unplanned cash grab that is a slap in the face to fans.
232	aha	3	They ruined it, don't watch it. This trilogy is nothing but a unplanned cash grab that is a slap in the face to fans.
233	jlee	3	This film made me feel nauseous, when I left the cinema when it first came out I was in shock and disbelief at what I had watched. I have made so many rants about this film already so i'm not going to bother wasting my time with JJ Abrams again but all i'm gonna say is damn you commercial hack?
233	aha	3	This film made me feel nauseous, when I left the cinema when it first came out I was in shock and disbelief at what I had watched. I have made so many rants about this film already so i'm not going to bother wasting my time with JJ Abrams again but all i'm gonna say is damn you commercial hack?
234	jlee	3	This is the most incredible piece of woke trash ever to disgrace the screen. As a story finale it has the almost unbelievable effect of destroying the ratings on all of the previous Star Wars movies. No matter which one I might choose to watch again I'll be haunted by the knowledge that this piece of garbage is where the story is heading.
234	aha	3	This is the most incredible piece of woke trash ever to disgrace the screen. As a story finale it has the almost unbelievable effect of destroying the ratings on all of the previous Star Wars movies. No matter which one I might choose to watch again I'll be haunted by the knowledge that this piece of garbage is where the story is heading.
235	jlee	3	This is the way the series ends, not with a bang but a whimper. Apologies to TS Eliot (The Hollow Men). What a big let down. Overly noisy cgi, a confused plot, weak characters, and cameos from everyone but Jar Jar Binks. Looking back, they never should have done anything after the first one, maybe the first three.
235	aha	1	This is the way the series ends, not with a bang but a whimper. Apologies to TS Eliot (The Hollow Men). What a big let down. Overly noisy cgi, a confused plot, weak characters, and cameos from everyone but Jar Jar Binks. Looking back, they never should have done anything after the first one, maybe the first three.
236	jlee	3	This isn't the worst movie I have ever seen but it is a muddled bag of confusion and so the 5 star rating. JJ should never have been given this movie in my opinion considering the copy cat antics of The Force Awakens which may as well have been an updated version of A New Hope. The same can be said for this movie in parts. Even the Actors seem to be confused in this movie as the acting looks forced As can be seen in their facial expressions. To be fair I know Rian Johnston got slated for The Last Jedi but his vision was above par and the acting was a lot more solid in that movie, in fact I would rate it much higher than that of JJ's efforts. I just wish Rian had got to finish this Saga as I think his vision would have been better than that of JJ's. To finish this Movie is worth it to go and see, but you probably won't want to see it a second time which in my opinion doesn't make for a great movie. As for JJ, I think he has fallen and lost his way because what should have great turned into a confused average movie.
236	aha	3	This isn't the worst movie I have ever seen but it is a muddled bag of confusion and so the 5 star rating. JJ should never have been given this movie in my opinion considering the copy cat antics of The Force Awakens which may as well have been an updated version of A New Hope. The same can be said for this movie in parts. Even the Actors seem to be confused in this movie as the acting looks forced As can be seen in their facial expressions. To be fair I know Rian Johnston got slated for The Last Jedi but his vision was above par and the acting was a lot more solid in that movie, in fact I would rate it much higher than that of JJ's efforts. I just wish Rian had got to finish this Saga as I think his vision would have been better than that of JJ's. To finish this Movie is worth it to go and see, but you probably won't want to see it a second time which in my opinion doesn't make for a great movie. As for JJ, I think he has fallen and lost his way because what should have great turned into a confused average movie.
237	jlee	3	This movie introduced an absurd amount of inconsistencies, to the point where either they purposely reversed the whole point of the first 6 films to slap Lucas and his fans in the face, or they never watched any of the previous films at all. First I'll talk about what I liked.
237	aha	2	This movie introduced an absurd amount of inconsistencies, to the point where either they purposely reversed the whole point of the first 6 films to slap Lucas and his fans in the face, or they never watched any of the previous films at all. First I'll talk about what I liked.
238	jlee	3	This new Star Wars trilogy is a tragedy, and the plot makes no sense in TROS, it just wasn't built up at all from the previous movies and is completely disconnected. And this new trilogy (specially TLJ and TROS) totally nullify everything story wise before it. To put it short Space Balls had more respect for Star Wars than Disney, and JJ makes Michael Bay look like Steven Spielberg. So as a long time Star Wars fan i will just pretend the new trilogy never existed and stick with the first 1-6 movies and Rouge One.
238	aha	3	This new Star Wars trilogy is a tragedy, and the plot makes no sense in TROS, it just wasn't built up at all from the previous movies and is completely disconnected. And this new trilogy (specially TLJ and TROS) totally nullify everything story wise before it. To put it short Space Balls had more respect for Star Wars than Disney, and JJ makes Michael Bay look like Steven Spielberg. So as a long time Star Wars fan i will just pretend the new trilogy never existed and stick with the first 1-6 movies and Rouge One.
239	jlee	3	To start this off I want to clarify that I don't hold any of the Marvel movies in an extremely high regard but they are at least coherent and also produced in the same house or umbrella of Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. Disney has been successfully replicating and recycling their formula and intellectual properties for maximum market appeal and audience comfort. Yet somehow, after setting off to a promising start, Disney Star Wars continuously managed to fall flat on it's face. And I believe this happen for a very simple reason. Terrible writing. Disney Star Wars has yet to hire an incompetent director but when it comes to the planing and writing they are leagues behind Disney Marvel. (Isn't this just the worst sentence ever?) What bugs me the most is that basically every department but production did an outstanding job. Yes, even the writers. I'm specifically referring to whatever creative genius though it would be a great idea to combine six different scripts into one nonsense show of epic proportions. They actually utter the words: "Somehow Palpatine returned." That's the sound of the screenwriter giving up. As inexplicably as he comes back though, he dies, again, equally inexplicably. And if you think you have an answer for how or why events took place the way they did without saying "The Force done did it." I'll become your very own personal slave. This movie doesn't have plot-holes it has plot-craters. I'm sure all this made sense at some point until they microwaved it, froze it, microwaved it again, toasted it and garnished it with weapons grade uranium. That's what people like right? I'm not saying you actually couldn't enjoy yourself, after all maybe you really don't care about anything making any sense at all. Maybe you're just here for the spectacle. In that way you could almost call this movie fine, if pretty bloated. But I'm not trying to spoil your fun. I'm just one of those annoying snobs that holds the art-form of film-making in high regard. Anyways, worst Star Wars film with the obvious exception being the Holiday Special. Let's just keep talking though.. since I have barely touched on the Disney Marvel comparison yet, let's give that a go. Marvel has characters with character. Not all of them, for sure, and mostly it's pretty shallow, but it's absolutely there. Disney Star Wars doesn't have that. They have place holders. People who eventually will do something once the writers figure out who they are. With Fin probably being the least consistent. So essentially we get the copies of the old cast in feel and look and the literal old cast on top. Nobody is allowed any agency or character traits that weren't previously popular unless they are contemporarily popular. Which serves a single function: Making the moneys. Marvel is making quite a lot more money though, which brings me back to the How?-Factor. How could they mess up so bad? Aren't there already a mass of popular Star Wars books and comics and what not. Is it really important to the Star Wars experience to see the old cast again? Actually no.. Even though the George Lucas Star Wars prequels are dreadful, they went with a completely different story approach and still made a ton of cash especially in the merchandise department. What this shows is that there is no need to weasel people in with the sweet taste of nostalgia. Returning to the Star Wars universe is enough as long as you're actually telling an interesting cohesive story. The Last Jedi had the most meat on it's bone but I want to believe after getting upset with the producers, Ryan Johnson just wrote a bunch of twists and turns specifically designed to render his own movie and the Star Wars - Recycling Project as a whole null and void. Seriously the last 20 minutes of that movie basically make fun of the previous two hours. If this actually was a giant troll-move it makes perfect sense. The rest of Disney Star Wars is not even worth mentioning as all other entries are painfully mediocre. Just 90 - 120 minutes of nothing much. Most notably the Rise of Skywalker has solidified this latest trilogy as subjectively worse than the prequels. Those may be technically inferior in almost every aspect but they had a far more reaching and superior cultural impact. Finally, the Rise of Skywalker almost classifies as a "So bad it's good"-Movie if it wasn't far all the wasted potential on display.
239	aha	1	To start this off I want to clarify that I don't hold any of the Marvel movies in an extremely high regard but they are at least coherent and also produced in the same house or umbrella of Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. Disney has been successfully replicating and recycling their formula and intellectual properties for maximum market appeal and audience comfort. Yet somehow, after setting off to a promising start, Disney Star Wars continuously managed to fall flat on it's face. And I believe this happen for a very simple reason. Terrible writing. Disney Star Wars has yet to hire an incompetent director but when it comes to the planing and writing they are leagues behind Disney Marvel. (Isn't this just the worst sentence ever?) What bugs me the most is that basically every department but production did an outstanding job. Yes, even the writers. I'm specifically referring to whatever creative genius though it would be a great idea to combine six different scripts into one nonsense show of epic proportions. They actually utter the words: "Somehow Palpatine returned." That's the sound of the screenwriter giving up. As inexplicably as he comes back though, he dies, again, equally inexplicably. And if you think you have an answer for how or why events took place the way they did without saying "The Force done did it." I'll become your very own personal slave. This movie doesn't have plot-holes it has plot-craters. I'm sure all this made sense at some point until they microwaved it, froze it, microwaved it again, toasted it and garnished it with weapons grade uranium. That's what people like right? I'm not saying you actually couldn't enjoy yourself, after all maybe you really don't care about anything making any sense at all. Maybe you're just here for the spectacle. In that way you could almost call this movie fine, if pretty bloated. But I'm not trying to spoil your fun. I'm just one of those annoying snobs that holds the art-form of film-making in high regard. Anyways, worst Star Wars film with the obvious exception being the Holiday Special. Let's just keep talking though.. since I have barely touched on the Disney Marvel comparison yet, let's give that a go. Marvel has characters with character. Not all of them, for sure, and mostly it's pretty shallow, but it's absolutely there. Disney Star Wars doesn't have that. They have place holders. People who eventually will do something once the writers figure out who they are. With Fin probably being the least consistent. So essentially we get the copies of the old cast in feel and look and the literal old cast on top. Nobody is allowed any agency or character traits that weren't previously popular unless they are contemporarily popular. Which serves a single function: Making the moneys. Marvel is making quite a lot more money though, which brings me back to the How?-Factor. How could they mess up so bad? Aren't there already a mass of popular Star Wars books and comics and what not. Is it really important to the Star Wars experience to see the old cast again? Actually no.. Even though the George Lucas Star Wars prequels are dreadful, they went with a completely different story approach and still made a ton of cash especially in the merchandise department. What this shows is that there is no need to weasel people in with the sweet taste of nostalgia. Returning to the Star Wars universe is enough as long as you're actually telling an interesting cohesive story. The Last Jedi had the most meat on it's bone but I want to believe after getting upset with the producers, Ryan Johnson just wrote a bunch of twists and turns specifically designed to render his own movie and the Star Wars - Recycling Project as a whole null and void. Seriously the last 20 minutes of that movie basically make fun of the previous two hours. If this actually was a giant troll-move it makes perfect sense. The rest of Disney Star Wars is not even worth mentioning as all other entries are painfully mediocre. Just 90 - 120 minutes of nothing much. Most notably the Rise of Skywalker has solidified this latest trilogy as subjectively worse than the prequels. Those may be technically inferior in almost every aspect but they had a far more reaching and superior cultural impact. Finally, the Rise of Skywalker almost classifies as a "So bad it's good"-Movie if it wasn't far all the wasted potential on display.
240	jlee	3	Trying to put aside all the emotions and feelings that are soaring through me after last nights premiere of the Rise of Skywalker (RoS) I will only refer to my last two reviews of the sequel trilogy (The Force Awakens 9/10; The Last Jedi 10/10) which show a clear fondness for the sequel trilogy. This final instalment was supposed to wrap up the new trilogy and be a definite conclusion of the entire saga (not an easy task), and it failed in every single aspect. Not only is this a bad Star Wars movie, it is simply a bad movie.
240	aha	3	Trying to put aside all the emotions and feelings that are soaring through me after last nights premiere of the Rise of Skywalker (RoS) I will only refer to my last two reviews of the sequel trilogy (The Force Awakens 9/10; The Last Jedi 10/10) which show a clear fondness for the sequel trilogy. This final instalment was supposed to wrap up the new trilogy and be a definite conclusion of the entire saga (not an easy task), and it failed in every single aspect. Not only is this a bad Star Wars movie, it is simply a bad movie.
241	jlee	3	Unfortunately, this movie somehow reflects the way society's been going on for the last 15-20 years - the ever growing trivilialization, consumerism and regurgitation of works of genius from past generations who paid blood, sweat and tears for their works to be seen, heard and fealt - all of this now to get a quick buck at the local mall. Shameful...shameful...
241	aha	3	Unfortunately, this movie somehow reflects the way society's been going on for the last 15-20 years - the ever growing trivilialization, consumerism and regurgitation of works of genius from past generations who paid blood, sweat and tears for their works to be seen, heard and fealt - all of this now to get a quick buck at the local mall. Shameful...shameful...
242	jlee	3	Well if a movie is shot on a budget of nearly $300 million and generates over $ 1 billion in ticket sales that overrules any argument we as disappointed fans may have over the creativity, timing and durability of the movie itself. At the center of it all it's just a business, money talks all else takes the walk. As a disappointed fan that's all I have to say.
242	aha	3	Well if a movie is shot on a budget of nearly $300 million and generates over $ 1 billion in ticket sales that overrules any argument we as disappointed fans may have over the creativity, timing and durability of the movie itself. At the center of it all it's just a business, money talks all else takes the walk. As a disappointed fan that's all I have to say.
243	jlee	3	Well, it's all done now. Skywalker. Vader. Palpatine. Except you know it really isn't. Since Star Wars is now a franchise and a brand and a 11 movie mega-mess, you know it'll never end. As entertainment, this was an engaging movie. It wraps up the threads started in the last two movies, yet it probably won't stay with you. Nothing here is new or super creative, although they'll keep your brain busy for 2 and a half hours. Many plot points feel hornshoed in, or attempts to retcon previous movies to explain what happens in this one (ie. Palpatine). Yet, if you're like me, you stopped caring about all the explanations and reasons a long time ago. Starting with The Force Awakens it was pretty clearly established that any logic you may think you know about the Star Wars universe isn't going to be used. And that even simple movie techniques (like C3P0 losing his memory) aren't going be permanant or meaningful. And that's the problem with this film and all the new trilogy films - it doesn't really matter what happens or what the characters do. They aren't going to act logically and choices won't bare any consequences. The story is going to plod along whether it contradicts anything that came before so it can reach its targeted goal. The good guys won't die, the bad guys will, lots of flash action scenes will fill every possible moment - it's all a product catered to a group of fans who want more of what they love. The problem is, by adding more to a series that was truly innovative and great, it reduces what the original was. Star Wars was once a movie series that changed the lives of many people and changed the way SciFi was done. Now Star Wars is a franchise on the level of never ending horror flicks like Elmstreet or Halloween. Each additional story doesn't add anything to the original experience (the prequel trilogy did that at the very least). The stories are instead rehashing everything that's come before to deliver an "experience." They are completely unnecessary experiences, however (ie. If you didn't watch them, nothing will change in the other films). I'm pretty sure that Lucas didn't intend Palpatine to come back (which does kind of negate the point of the original trilogy, if all they fought for didn't really defeat him). And it's obvious that the motivation for telling these stories isn't "Hey, I've got a great story for you," (which is the basis of any good movie, book, comic, etc) but instead, "let's keep this going (so I can make money off the huge audience out there)." I suppose it's nice for the kids, who are the true audience, to have never ending fodder for their imaginations to feed on (because that's what the original trilogy was for us old folks). Still, I wish this new trilogy didn't exist so Star Wars could be what it is was - a (finite) story that inspires your imagination.
243	aha	1	Well, it's all done now. Skywalker. Vader. Palpatine. Except you know it really isn't. Since Star Wars is now a franchise and a brand and a 11 movie mega-mess, you know it'll never end. As entertainment, this was an engaging movie. It wraps up the threads started in the last two movies, yet it probably won't stay with you. Nothing here is new or super creative, although they'll keep your brain busy for 2 and a half hours. Many plot points feel hornshoed in, or attempts to retcon previous movies to explain what happens in this one (ie. Palpatine). Yet, if you're like me, you stopped caring about all the explanations and reasons a long time ago. Starting with The Force Awakens it was pretty clearly established that any logic you may think you know about the Star Wars universe isn't going to be used. And that even simple movie techniques (like C3P0 losing his memory) aren't going be permanant or meaningful. And that's the problem with this film and all the new trilogy films - it doesn't really matter what happens or what the characters do. They aren't going to act logically and choices won't bare any consequences. The story is going to plod along whether it contradicts anything that came before so it can reach its targeted goal. The good guys won't die, the bad guys will, lots of flash action scenes will fill every possible moment - it's all a product catered to a group of fans who want more of what they love. The problem is, by adding more to a series that was truly innovative and great, it reduces what the original was. Star Wars was once a movie series that changed the lives of many people and changed the way SciFi was done. Now Star Wars is a franchise on the level of never ending horror flicks like Elmstreet or Halloween. Each additional story doesn't add anything to the original experience (the prequel trilogy did that at the very least). The stories are instead rehashing everything that's come before to deliver an "experience." They are completely unnecessary experiences, however (ie. If you didn't watch them, nothing will change in the other films). I'm pretty sure that Lucas didn't intend Palpatine to come back (which does kind of negate the point of the original trilogy, if all they fought for didn't really defeat him). And it's obvious that the motivation for telling these stories isn't "Hey, I've got a great story for you," (which is the basis of any good movie, book, comic, etc) but instead, "let's keep this going (so I can make money off the huge audience out there)." I suppose it's nice for the kids, who are the true audience, to have never ending fodder for their imaginations to feed on (because that's what the original trilogy was for us old folks). Still, I wish this new trilogy didn't exist so Star Wars could be what it is was - a (finite) story that inspires your imagination.
244	jlee	3	What's so exhausting is the fact that this is a sequence of noisy scenes edited together without proper rhythm or room for true feelings. It's a constant overkill of special effects, chases, contrived over-dramatic dialog, explosions, all without ever taking any risk. You know from minute one that no lead will die or get hurt, and only puppets/living props will.
244	aha	3	What's so exhausting is the fact that this is a sequence of noisy scenes edited together without proper rhythm or room for true feelings. It's a constant overkill of special effects, chases, contrived over-dramatic dialog, explosions, all without ever taking any risk. You know from minute one that no lead will die or get hurt, and only puppets/living props will.
245	jlee	3	When I saw the very first Star Wars movie at the Theatre decades ago I got pretty much everyone I knew and his dog to go and watch it.
245	aha	3	When I saw the very first Star Wars movie at the Theatre decades ago I got pretty much everyone I knew and his dog to go and watch it.
246	jlee	3	When someone has all they want as in power, fame and wealth there is nothing new left to live for, purchase or experience except repeating what does not work or satisfy. Why? Its the closest that person can get to a life. Merely existing in name only does not satisfy. Star Wars and the force did what it was supposed to do at its birth. Today, we are witnessing its death. Bloated, over or under-paid indifferent various persons either relatives, snake-charmers or wolfs in sheep's clothing are in charge of the story-telling which in this movie they can't wait for the story to end before it has even begun. Whatever happened to talent? Devotion? Skills? How about dreams & visions? All replaced by Disney! I am amazed how you can mess up a good thing not once or twice but three times? I am a Star Wars fan, a lover of Disney and a supporter of good storytelling. What a let-down and I knew this from the first Disney film, confirmed in the second one and from what I read and heard won't even waste my time in going to see this. How sad. I want to spend my money and this film and the series under Disney is telling me DON'T! Here is the scary part. If they make back their money it may send a signal to keep repeating what fans don't like but what makes money instead. But it won't last and it may even undo all the good as well. Remember: You go to the movies and then you realize it wasn't worth it. That's why they will make their money back but not for the love of the series. Bring in a whole new team, leave them alone and let them tell stories about a Galaxy and time far away...if you can. We need love not $$$
246	aha	3	When someone has all they want as in power, fame and wealth there is nothing new left to live for, purchase or experience except repeating what does not work or satisfy. Why? Its the closest that person can get to a life. Merely existing in name only does not satisfy. Star Wars and the force did what it was supposed to do at its birth. Today, we are witnessing its death. Bloated, over or under-paid indifferent various persons either relatives, snake-charmers or wolfs in sheep's clothing are in charge of the story-telling which in this movie they can't wait for the story to end before it has even begun. Whatever happened to talent? Devotion? Skills? How about dreams & visions? All replaced by Disney! I am amazed how you can mess up a good thing not once or twice but three times? I am a Star Wars fan, a lover of Disney and a supporter of good storytelling. What a let-down and I knew this from the first Disney film, confirmed in the second one and from what I read and heard won't even waste my time in going to see this. How sad. I want to spend my money and this film and the series under Disney is telling me DON'T! Here is the scary part. If they make back their money it may send a signal to keep repeating what fans don't like but what makes money instead. But it won't last and it may even undo all the good as well. Remember: You go to the movies and then you realize it wasn't worth it. That's why they will make their money back but not for the love of the series. Bring in a whole new team, leave them alone and let them tell stories about a Galaxy and time far away...if you can. We need love not $$$
247	jlee	3	Without a doubt The Rise Of Skywalker is the worst Star Wars movie cause while The Last Jedi killed Star Wars TROS spit on its grave. Bringing back Palpatine only solidified that Disney and JJ Abrams had no plan. It showed no respect of Anakin's redemption at the end of Return of the Jedi by having Rey to destroy Palpatine. The whole plot was stupid in trying to locate Palpatine. It was obvious that Kathleen Kennedy used Luke, Leia and Han only to make it hard to retcon the Sequel Trilogy. Poe and Finn was made to be used as pawns to make Rey a Mary Sue.
247	aha	1	Without a doubt The Rise Of Skywalker is the worst Star Wars movie cause while The Last Jedi killed Star Wars TROS spit on its grave. Bringing back Palpatine only solidified that Disney and JJ Abrams had no plan. It showed no respect of Anakin's redemption at the end of Return of the Jedi by having Rey to destroy Palpatine. The whole plot was stupid in trying to locate Palpatine. It was obvious that Kathleen Kennedy used Luke, Leia and Han only to make it hard to retcon the Sequel Trilogy. Poe and Finn was made to be used as pawns to make Rey a Mary Sue.
248	jlee	3	Wow.
248	aha	3	Wow.
249	jlee	3	You should probably disregard any review that gives this a 1/10 or a 10/10. It is not a terrible movie, nor is it legendary. For the average movie-goer I suspect it will fall somewhere between 6/10-8/10. Highly enjoyable in terms of visuals and plot twists, but not enough to stick around with you for years to come like the original trilogy.
249	aha	3	You should probably disregard any review that gives this a 1/10 or a 10/10. It is not a terrible movie, nor is it legendary. For the average movie-goer I suspect it will fall somewhere between 6/10-8/10. Highly enjoyable in terms of visuals and plot twists, but not enough to stick around with you for years to come like the original trilogy.